Nov 14 2009 	Reconsider	I have traveled globally for Fortune 100 &amp; 500 companies and Westin's tend to be safe and predictable. The Westin - Northwest Chicago has a very elegant look and feel. However, on this occasion, we found sheets with old blood stains, which although laundered and likely clean, you would think they would do more to eradicate the unsightliness. Add to this, vacuum cleaners loud and constant from 1 to 3 a.m. and you get the sense they are oblivious people are there to sleep. The final straw was a ridiculously priced menu (with 20% service charge automatically added per person's meal aside from any tips), and a room service breakfast complete with scrambled eggs that were more liquid than solid. In short, noisy, somewhat unclean, and food that appeared unsafe for consumption...all at Westin pricing. It wouldn't have been bad if the front desk staff upon checkout inquired how your stay was, rather, they must assume all is well. I didn't bother to say anything, as the staff seemed generally uninterested. Don't look for many amenities like free wi-fi, as this is a very a la carte hotel.	
	Great Location and Staff	Had a wonderful stay with my wife for our 1st Anniversary and hope to stay here again! Got into town early on a Friday, staff was extremely nice and helpful even though they didn't have our room ready because it was so early. Stored our luggage for us and even let us get some items back out after they had already stored them. Went out and did some sightseeing and came back to check-in which was a breeze and found out that they had given us a free upgrade to a suite because it was our anniversary. Room was very nice and clean with lots of room to spread out and relax. Later on in our stay, I realized I had forgot my shaving gel and call the front desk to see if they help me out since we were running late for our dinner reservations and someone was up to our room in no time flat with some shaving cream.One of the greatest things about this hotel is its location. You are right in the middle of EVERYTHING on Michigan Ave!! You have all the shopping you could want and more with the ability to run your bags up to your room and not drag them all over town. You have quick access to numerous restaurants that are just short walks from the lobby, as well as bus stops across the street that will take you to various museums and other points of interest in the city. The only thing I could see someone faulting this place with is the noise from Northwestern Hospital right next door. We were on the 27th floor and the noise did not bother us at all and my wife is a very light sleeper. Other then that, Avenue Hotel is a great place to stay and enjoy Chicago and we look forward to returning soon.	
Nov 21 2009	Family stay in Queen Double Suite	Had a lovely stay in this hotel. We stayed for 4 nights on the 23rd October 2009. We had a Queen double suite. It was a good size. It had a separate bedroom with 2 Queen beds. The separated living area had a sofa, a microwave, fridge and sink. Both rooms had a big flat screens TV's. It was great to have the space as I was staying with my Mum and sister. Location was perfect. Two blocks from Magnificent Mile. One block from the Metro and 2 blocks from the River. Very easy to get everywhere. There was a Starbucks and the State Street Bread Company for breakfast. We ate in the State Street Bread Breakfast each morning. They had cereals etc along with the usual waffles, pancakes and breakfasts. Averaged $8-$10 each day. There was free wired internet access in the rooms, along with a business centre that had two pc's with internet and printers. (Hading for doing on-line check-in) There is a fire station is a block away but it didn't cause much a problem. Heard one or two fire trucks but it wasn't a problem during the night. I had booked as part of a package on eBookers.com so we got a good rate. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 3 2009 	Clean and safe quiet neighborhood near excellent transit good price.	I stayed here for 5 nights with my sweetie (all the way from Seattle), and my sister and her husband (all the way from Michigan) met us here for a couple of those nights to celebrate her birthday and tour Chicago. The El was a short walk away and took about 30 minutes to get us downtown. The staff here was very helpful with suggestions of local restaurants and shopping. Breakfast was basic cereal, bagels, and pastries -- enough fuel to get started.	
Oct 6 2009 	Very good can't beat for the price!	Staff helpful, friendly, hotel room clean, grounds clean. Not noisy.Good experience.	
	Good	Staff is very friendly, rooms are nice with great view of Chicago River and close to House of Blues and Harry Caray's Resaurant, as well, not far from Magnificent Mile. Hallways were dark and elevators a bit scary, but overall great hotel. The bar, Crimson, located in the hotel was not great. The bartenders were nice but the waitresses were like talking to a wall.	
	Great Hotel downtown	Very conveniet to downtow. The Hotel is quite, clean and confortable with a big lcd tv. The hotel park cost a little bit much that other solutions, but very convenient. For breakfast there is a Starbucks very close to the hotel.	
	Pleasant comfortable but unspectacular lodgings	The Westin Chicago River North is a well-run chain establishment centrally located in downtown Chicago. Our room, with a view of the Chicago River, was by no means over-the-top luxurious, but it was well-designed and spacious, with good lighting and comfortable seating. A quiet room and the Westin &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; made for excellent sleeping conditions for someone who often does not sleep well even in better hotels. Service in the hotel was polite and efficient.What keeps this hotel from receiving a top rating: (1) lack of any &quot;wow&quot; factor: the room, while comfortable, was also generic; (2) no free wi-fi; (3) the food we were served in the banquet rooms (for a wedding) was fairly indifferent in quality, even for banquet food. Still, if the price is right, this hotel can offer a very good deal.	
Oct 19 2009 	Loved it!	Our room was spotless and we had a great view of downtown. The bed was very nice and comfortable. There is a 24 hour shuttle that will take you to Midway and the CTA station. We really liked having a fridge in the room. We used name your own price on priceline and paid next to nothing for a great room and sevice. Cons: no free wi-fi in the room and you have to pay to park. Overall - would stay here again. Can't really go wrong with a Marriott!	
	Good Place to Stay	If you want a place to stay downtown Chicago with a reasonable price, Ohio House Motel is perfect match for that purpose.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great location but...	We love to stay in these nostalgic hotels, but I would classify this one as a miss. It's saving grace is it's location - right off the Mile and within easy walking distance of the subway, but...We were disappointed in the quality of the room. Heating/AC is all or nothing - in this case all heat. To get any air circulation without turning on the heat, we had to open the window - and since it was a rainy couple of days, that was problematic. Without the window cracked open, it got a but stifling in the room. Bed was a miss as well - a little too hard. And the only real covering on the window - mini-blinds, so no sleeping in was not possible.We also found getting our car from valet was a hit or miss proposition. More often than not, the valet station was unoccupied.All in all, not what we expected.	
	Hey it was ONLY 65 bucks a night!	Me and my boyfriend arrived in chicago with the intention to stay at the Sheffield House. We were really excited about the perfect location, walking distance of everything (including a cheap and amazing bakery for breakfast just north a block on the opposite side of the street ) and after a day of traveling we just wanted to drop off our stuff and start looking at the city.Staff: We arrived and the hotel staff wasn't exactly the most pleasant people but they quickly set us up and we got a one queen bedroom. When we got our key and paid (no refunds by the way) we went to our room and saw that there were NO sheets on the bed. gross. So after telling them they said they didn't have access to the laundry room or linen closet? Long story short we ended up spending the first night with no sheets. haha but we threw on a sweater a cuddled. We're troopers. The next morning after waking up at 6am basically begging and being overly polite we got blankets. A lot of blankets actually. They were clean just covered in some balls of lint. Better then I expected.Strange things: I saw there were pictures of people having fridges and microwaves in their rooms which I asked about. The older lady claimed that they never had those. Ugh. Whatever. Or that none of the rooms have a jacuzzi, which is pictured on the website. The place is a little more 'rustic' then what is pictured on their website.Cleanliness: The carpets were sticky, and there was some dried red stuff in the dresser drawers, and a cigarette burn in the mattress. But no bugs, mold (that I could see) or anything of that caliber. It was a little grimy but even the bathroom wasn't too bad. All very doable for a week. We only got cold water in the shower, but again, not the hugest deal to me. At the end of the day it was just another thing to sort of laugh at. Oh and someone stole the batteries from the tv remote. Location &amp; Cost: I don't think you can beat either. Your close to trains, bus stops, food, touristy things, etc. Next time I visit this amazing city the only thing I'm doing differently is calling ahead and making sure we have sheets!	
Oct 28 2009 	Do not give them your credit card	Only can get a live person on the phone from 9-5 central time. Call and see.Unreasonable cancellation policy. Ask for it in writing.Multiple billing errors. Billed in 08 and 09 for a stay that never happened. Just reported them to American Express for the latest issue.	
	Wonderful Hotel Will Definately Stay Here Again	I was completely satisfied with this hotel. My room was amazing, I loved the kitchen area complete with a fridge, microwave, stove, and dishwasher. Everything was spotless clean and I loved the huge bathroom. The location was quite nice (only a ten minute walk from the heart of downtown) and Harry Carey's and House of Blues was across the street. Staff was kind and helpful. Free breakfast, evening appetizers, and evening drinks were excellent bonuses. I WILL be staying here again!	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Value and Great Staff	We stayed at this hotel the night before an early flight from Midway and what a pleasant stay it was. The rooms were clean and up to date and the TV had probably 200 channels. The staff really made our stay by informing us that we could jump on the train, right around the corner, and be downtown in 20 minutes. We did just that and had dinner at a restaurant that was personally recommended by the manager. The next morning at 5 a.m., we came down the stairs and the driver was waiting next to the van with the doors open to take us to Midway. Best of all, we paid $25 less than the other hotels in the area-this place is a gem	
	Staff Went Above 	While waiting for our guest rooms to become available, hotel desk and housekeeping staff went above &amp; beyond their duties ( and our expectations) to make us comfortable and happy. We didn't get service like this even at the Ritz!	
Feb 9 2009	Nasty business going on in this room	We just needed a place to crash, while our heater got fixedwe are locals and learned the hard way about this placefirst of, the place is so unsecure, the doors are very flimsy...not a clean place... to place your head on the pillows, no!!!... and when my honey decided to place one of the chairs against the door, to make me feel a bit more secure in the room, what comes out from under the chair, about 50 condoms!!! at least they were still wrapped.but that was it for me... we just stormed out.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent location friendly staff highly recommended!	My wife and I stayed here in early October on a brief trip to Chicago. The hotel is ideal if you are going to a show as we were. Even in raining weather, we were able to walk to dinner and the show.	
	Beautiful view... everything else disappointed	The Hyatt has an amazing unobstructed view over the river and it's beautiful at night. Its location is superb, situated two minutes from the start of the Magnificent Mile and all the shopping you can endure. However, that's pretty much where it ends for me. Rooms were average, poorly decorated, and not 4-star quality. The iPod functionality on my clock was broken, no pens were provided in-room, and colleagues who stayed on other floors constantly complained about noise and distractions that prevented them from getting a good night's rest. Sources of noise include:- Elevator doors opening/closing- Elevator gears- Street noise- Water running through the pipesUnfortunately, all the noises above were not momentary but persisted through the entire night due to the placement of their rooms and throughout the week we stayed at the Hyatt. It's almost like the building was designed with no consideration for sound-proofing! To also not have internet included at the price we paid was almost highway robbery... isn't it archaic to still charge for in-room internet nowadays?With that said, the hotel is still a decent stay. The service was acceptable and friendly. The location was convenient, and the view was amazing. I would still recommend this to a friend. If you can find a good deal on this place it's worth it; otherwise, I'd suggest looking at other hotels in the area around Michigan Avenue.	
Oct 22 2008	Especially Bad	Where do I begin? checked in...they had a rate $31 higher than quoted.....told my room was upstairs.... directed to nearesr flight. wheel in my 200lbs of equipment and start hauling it upstairs only to find that i had the very last room 100 yards away, where i could have driven my car to and unloaded from there.....get everything in room...time to ice beer...NO MICROFIRIDGES AT $90 A NITE COMERCIAL RATE......find that ALL the ice machines do not work....have to walk 100 yards to the restaurant for ice....in the morning the WIFI WAS DOWN......requested a reset, curtly told 5 minutes.....an hour and a half later i called about it....&quot;oh, maintenance man just got here, i'll have him take care of it&quot;.....the WIFILASTED ABOUT 10 MINUTES until it crashed.......cheesed i decided to shower. NO HOT WATER! ZERO.....packed my stuff and left. my business partner was coming in that day.....we were going to be in the hotel for a week to 10 days.....from the reaction of the front desk when i checked out they could care less. THEY DIDN'T HAVE THE PRUDENCE TO COMP MY ROOM. AMAZING THAT BEST WESTERN ALLOWS THEM TO USE THEIR NAME. i stay in hotels, booking for 2 rooms for 8 months straight. i'llbe avoiding best western's from here on	
	Definite Return Trip to this One!	This was a really terrific hotel that I will definitely frequent again. My husband &amp; I come to Chicago every year at Thanksgiving for my birthday so we have stayed in many places over the years - Hampton, Monaco, Hotel 71, Hilton Garden Inn, Wyndham, Four Points Sheraton, etc. Knowing my way around Chicago, I chose to try the Springhill Suites on Dearborn and am I glad I did! Although the location is great, just a couple of blocks off Michigan &amp; State, it's actually easy to miss the hotel - the signage outside is quite plain and it shares an entrance w/ Residence Inn. The actual lobby for both chains is on the 2nd floor. Check-in was great, staff very accommodating -- I even got a bottle of wine for my birthday. The elevators are the fastest and smoothest of any hotel I've ever stayed in. The hotel offers a nice hot/cold complimentary breakfast as well - a bit early for a &quot;leisure&quot; trip (6:30-9:00 a.m.). We had a &quot;studio&quot; double room. It was perfect, very chic and modern. Sitting area had a desk, chaise, and sleeper couch and was separated from bedroom area by frosted glass. Plenty of lighting (which is a big complaint w/ me because most rooms are just too dark). We had a microwave, frig, and coffee maker. Bath area was good size and vanity area was separate w/ plenty of top space to put items. The only issue I had was the lack of good sized drawers for clothes that you didn't want to hang .. there were only (2) very shallow drawers. I would rate this hotel as EXCELLENT.	
Nov 22 2009 	Luxury ~ Fabulous View ~ Top Notch Service	The Chicago Four Seasons is above the 900 Shops along Michigan Avenue and is a great place to stay! We splurged and booked a Deluxe Suite on the 38th floor. The highlight of the rooms was the window seat nook that ran along the length of the lakeside view of the room. Nice cushiions and pillows made this a great place to curl up with the paper/book &amp; coffee/wine. Although my kids enjoyed lining up their Star Wars figures for the ultimate galactic showdown. Spacious two room suite with a comfortable FEATHER BED on the pull-out sofa (loved by the kids), plenty of floor space, chair, table, desk and HD tv entertainment center.Loved the bed in our bedroom--nice bathroom &amp; shower with a deep tub perfect for a bubble bath soak.I do miss having the convenience of a coffee maker in the room, but the complementary spa/pool area serves bottled water &amp; orange juice throughout the day and coffee in the morning hours.The pool is beautiful, large and welcoming with a great hot tub as well. Pool toys are kept in a large storage bin to be shared. We love the Four Seasons because of the special treatment our kids receive when we are there. Upon check-in, we found a tray of iced cow shaped cookies, milk in an ice bucket, a pitcher of chocolate syrup and a battery powered &quot;moo moo mixer&quot; the kids could use to mix up their chocolate milk. That was in addition to the crayons, coloring book &amp; Sorry board game placed on the desk.The next afternoon we found individually boxed cupcakes for each of them, and the following day glasses filled with gummi bears and a paper drink umbrella. They also love the child size fluffy white robes that are included for their use as well as the kid pack of bath amenities.Bob--part of the bell staff provided excellent service and greeted our children by name each time we saw him over our stay.These things matter and are part of the reason we love the Four Seasons.	
Jul 29 2009 	Excellent Midway Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one night before an early morning flight out of Chicago.Initially we went to the Holiday Inn Express that was in the same hotel complex. I think I had accidently read the reviews for the Express prior to coming, so I was pleasantly surprised when we got to the right hotel. It is new hotel, with nice facilities, nice large flat screen, and comfortable beds.Side note to this story, I booked the hotel through bidding on priceline. The receptionist was very nice while checking us in. I inquired about the cost of leaving our car in the hotel lot during our weekend trip. She told me that it would be $10/day. I decided to talk to over with my husband, only because there our a few slightly less expensive parking options. The next morning, I went to the receptionist to say we were interested in leaving our car. She said there was a promotion going on for anyone who stayed at the hotel and that it would be free. Not sure if the promotion wasnt supposed to also be with priceline purchases, but it worked for us and we happily saved $50 on parking. Food wise, there are tons of nearby restaurants. TGIF was next to the hotel. When checking in, the receptionist gave us a menu for Giordanos Pizza which was nearby. They delivered to our room about an hour after ordering. The pizza is great; I just wish that we had eaten at the actual restaurant, as the pizza was really messy to eat in the room. The shuttle came every 20 minutes, was prompt, clean, and the drivers were friendly. The hotel is right next to the airport (no noise problems) so the shuttle takes less than 10 minutes to get to the airport, even with the other stops.Overall, the experience was excellent; this hotel will be our future choice when we are staying at Midway.	
Nov 2 2009 	1 night to relax	I was on an exhauting business trip, 3 cities and only 1 night to relax so the hotel I picked needed to be very good and this hotel was. The positives outweigh the negatives by far. Flew into O'Hare so this hotel is a little far but I flew out of Midway so it worked out perfectly. To start our stay we were given a room on the street side of the hotel, which my colleague (for personal reasons) had a problem with, we asked and they changed us immediately. The free wireless in room and computer access in the lobby was the best. I was able to do some work in my room and also utilize the printers in the lobby to print out my boarding passes for the next days flights.The room was spacious, with silly amenities that I love like a coffee maker, iro and ironing board, robe, toiletries, and bottles water.The bed was probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in; hotel or personal. THE PRICE WAS GREAT!I thought there would be a free continental breakfast but either there wasn't or we couldn't find it and we wound up eating the buffet at the restaurant which was pretty good anyway.The only real problem I had was the water pressure in the shower was terrible, but I have come to expect that with any hotel I stay in.	
	A great spot!	We have always been pleased with our stays at Intercontinental hotels. Chicago was especially pleasant with a helpful staff.	
Nov 17 2007 	City Apartment with Most Amenenties but NOISY	This was good alternative when most hotels were booked. It was spacious, had modern design and was very clean. However, the proximitythe to El made for some poor sleep. The station announcements ran lateinto the night as well, which was hard to get used to.While this place is stocked with most of your needs (down to the cheese grater in the kitchen), please be aware that they do not provide hair dryers.Intelligentsia coffee is right around the block.Also, there's a 7 Eleven connected to the building so you can get somebasics without venturing outside.	
Nov 24 2009 	A great deal on a great place	I had a huge surprise walking into our room on this hotel. I haved stayed at Comfort Inns before and they always prove to be clean, and nice and always a good deal for the money however this time I was completely shocked by how nice the lobby, hallways, room and bathroom was. To top off our stay, the complimentary breakfast was extremely tasty and the front desk clerks met every need we had with a smile. I had the pleasure of speaking to the one of the managers over the phone and she likewise did everything possible to make our stay perfect. To finish off, the parking at this hotel is almost half of all other parking in the downtown area and is convient to the hotel. The hotel is a close walk to Michigan Ave. and to lots of great restaurants. So, if you are looking for a great deal is an expensive city, give the Comfort inn hotel and suites a try and ask for a king room at the end of the hallway. That is where we stayed and the room was large and perfect!!!	
	surprising we must read.	I am a traveler and I enjoy staying with good hotels , but first I always check the reviews and what people have to say about the location I am willing to check in with. In Chicago (our favorite city) we usually stay at the Palmer house ( Hilton ) , Hilton Garden inn, Conrad, Chicago Hilton or Marriott on Michigan Ave. Our destination is always the Magnificent mile especially the closest to Michigan Ave. So far, we found out that the best hotel in Chicago is and still the Conrad on Rush street ( off Grand and Michigan ). But, this time of the year and during the thxgiving break we all spend it in Chigo every year, we couldn't get the rate we wanted, except when we went on BOOKING.COM and we found a good deal to stay with Comfort suites on 320 N. Michigan Ave. WOW, and WOW, we were really surprised. Small lobby, yes , but the room is spacious, it is long more than it is wide, unbelievably clean, ( that's what I also saw in the reviews before our stay), very good help there, they are trying hard to accomodate all their customers, not bad as customer service at all, what we are surprised about is the room. Big room and actually I must say they are all suites, with even washers and dryers inside the suite. Great value, good hotel, clean, mostly all suites with view of the river and Michigan Avenue. My wife agreed with me to stay with them always from now on. We are going back there after Christmas. We loved it, and I advice you to go ahead and make your plan to Chicago and give them your business. Honestly it is close to everything, few blocks from the Water Tower, and close to nort grant parking deck underground.	
Oct 27 2009 	A Beautiful Classic Club	I think this probably says it all: after recently staying at the ULC, my wife and I decided to apply for membership. The ULC provides luxurious accommodations, excellent food, and friendly service at a reasonable price. One thing you must understand, though, is that this is a club dating from the late 1800s, with all the tradition that suggests. The demands on guests are not all that great, simply that you dress somewhat less casually than what you can get away with elsewhere. In return, you will be treated to an elegant experience you cannot match anywhere else in Chicago at any price.	
	Affordable 	I stayed at Allegro Chicago for 3 days during thanksgiving break. I booked the hotel through priceline very cheaply and was worried about the quality of the hotel because of it. Well, the worries disappeared as soon as I walked into the hotel. As we had a larger room for my family, it was spacious, clean, and modern looking. All hotel employees were very friendly and housekeeping ladies did a great job everyday!! I was very impressed by how they control the quality of the hotel with lower rates. I recommend this place for you who travel with family, a significant others, etc.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great spot for a meeting	Staff at the hotel made planning a meeting a piece of cake! Their event coordinator worked with me to take care of all the details: reserving rooms, meeting room setup, planning the menus, even dinner reservations. The staff also checked in several times throughout the day to make sure things were going smoothly. The meeting room was very plush - comfy leather chairs, executive table, whiteboard; however, the best part of this hotel is its convenient location - our travelers were happy to be checked in within minutes of landing. The Business Center and UPS store made it easy to send/receive packages, make copies, etc. The Andiamo restaurant has great food, though the portions are small and very pricey. The rooms are basic, but comfortable. Water pressure in the shower was great and the bed was nice and soft with lots of pillows. I was on the third floor and directly across from the airport but had no trouble sleeping - the curtains are thick enough to block out the lights and the fan in the room provides enough white noise to cover the flights coming in/taking off. Be aware, Wi-fi isn't free and the room service has very limited hours. While this isn't the place to go on with friends or for a romantic trip, it certainly fits the bill for a business meeting.	
Oct 18 2009 	close to uic campus	excellent accomidations.Rooms were luxerious and I felf pampered	
Nov 9 2009 	Nice Hotel but not quiet	The Westin Michigan Avenue hotel is a clean hotel with good service and a great location in Chicago. The only negative is that you can hear other guests walking and talking in their rooms. I think part of the problem is the hallway in the room is tile and you can hear other guests who are wearing high heels and perhaps the wall are very thin.	
	Middle of Nowhere	This hotel, while clean and quiet, is in the middle of NOWHERE. Closest Walgreen's is a mile and a half of semi-dangerous walking away. The hotel is literally surrounded by housing projects and there are almost no taxis to be found. To be fair, if you have a bus pass, the beginning of civilization is only a 20 minute bus ride away, but for ME, that is 20 minutes too far. I think my company paid almost $200 per night and I know there are hotels in the middle of the action for that price. If you have a car and don't mind that you are on the SOUTH SIDE of Chicago, by all means, stay there. If I have my choice, I won't.	
Nov 15 2009 	Good Location	Stayed here this weekend with my family. Had 4 King Studios and 1 Double Suite. It was great for the 10 of us. Each King had a small refrigerator, microwave and wet bar. The beds were wonderful. All commented on how comfortable they were. Liked the linens - white down. Had flat screen tvs, analog, which was kind of wierd but then we barely were in the rooms so it was no big deal. The rooms, halls and breakfast area was immaculate. I didn't use the exercise room but 5 others did and had no complaints. The breakfast was free - eggs, sausages, hash browns, muffins, breads, pastry, cereal, fruit, coffee and juice. Not like an upscale hotel but certainly good value. Also free wi-fi which most Hiltons don't give you so it is a nice plus. There is also a business center if you didn't bring your laptop. The front desk, particularly, the concierge-type person was very helpful. Parking is outrageous like all of Chicago. This was $42/day but you did get in and out service if you wanted it. Yes, some of the wood furniture is slightly worn but it is really no big deal. We paid $169 plus tax so not bad. The double suite was huge. It had a full kitchen - full size refrigerator, 2 burner stove top, sink, microwave, dishes, silverware,glasses and pots and pans. Had pull out sofa, desk with chair, 2 oversize stuffed chairs and 2 regular dining chairs so there was plenty of room for the 10 of us. It was our party room.The location is very good, especially if you are young. We are not but still there was plenty of places to eat and clubs all over. Taxi's were easy to catch or you can walk. It is on the corner of Dearborn and Illinois so you are only a couple of blocks from Michigan Ave.Also, yes you are close to the fire station but it is no big deal. The place also has room service and the Rosebud Trattoria is attached. We didn't eat there but if you want convenience it is there.I highly recommend it if you are looking for good value and location.	
	Location is what you pay for	We stayed here for Thanksgiving, at a reduced rate, but would be disappointed to pay full price. The first impression upon walking in the lobby is that there is so much potpurri, that they must be hiding a bad smell. The room(a jr. suite) was roomy, but gloomy. There was obviously a water problem from above as all of the paint/wallpaper was chipping or peeling, and there were large swatches of patching on the ceiling. the bathroom was so small there was no where to put a used towel or a bath kit. We were next to the ice machine that made a pounding noise day and night. &quot;continental&quot; breakfast was available upon request, for a rich price plus 18% and tax. No room service. The location is excellent, 2 blocks from the mag mile and 2 blocks from the lake. The doorman was attentive, but we could not even reach the front desk when we called. This room is available for sale for the nominal price of $450,000, for what is basically an efficiency. The 25 million dollar renovation they brag about appears to have gone into the purchase of flat screens, 2 per room and not the decor.	
	awful beds	The bed at this hotel was the worst I have ever slept on in a hotel. It felt like a super cheap mattress and the pillows were bad, too. There was an open air window between the bathroom and the bedroom, with shutters, which is ok if you don't want any privacy. The service was good, but nothing is more important than comfort, especially for the bed. We were exhausted from the lack of sleep and that makes the trip less enjoyable. We had to pay $48 PER DAY to park there. Would have stayed mid city, had we known. Way to much money for the low quality.	
Nov 6 2009 	It was as I expected using Tripadvisor as my guideline.	The hotel was close to the Union Station. We were able to walk there and back. It is an older building but the room was clean and the staff friendly and helpful. We had a suite and for 3 sisters it worked out very well. It included a pull out couch that was better than average. It is not a great appearing hotel but it suited us. However, the restaurant was not the best. As other reviewers commented it is next to a noisy highway.	
Nov 15 2009 	Terrific Stay	From start to finish the staff was very friendly and willing to offer assistance. Rooms very clean. It was just my husband and I so the suite was perfect. It may be small for a larger family. Did not use the pull out couch/bed so not sure how comfortable this would be. The bed and furnishings were very nice. Bar and restaurant was expensive, other good values in the area. Walking distance to all the fine shopping and located right next to the John Hancock Building and a couple of blocks to the Towers Shopping and American Girl Store. Located just 1 block off of Michigan Ave which was perfect and only a few blocks from the Lake. Great to walk either direction from the hotel.	
Oct 23 2009 	The best kept secret in Chicago	First things first. The BAC is difficult to find at first. Various previous reviews have mentioned this. We arrived on a Saturday PM (when most of the loop is shut down) and even our transfer shuttle from O'Hare had no idea were the hotel was and basically dumped our bags on the side of the road when they got fed up looking.To be clear to get to the hotel you must enter the main revolving doors to get into 440 S La Salle. When inside you take the main bank of elevators to floor 39 and transfer from there to a small elevator (next to the main bank) to get to reception on floor 40. After the initial difficulties in finding the entrance to the building nothing could be simpler in getting into the hotel (using the security tab provided). Whats more because you are a little out of the way you feel very secure.The hotel itself, as has been stated before, is small - around 20 rooms. However reception and ousekeeping staff were friendly and courteous throughout - amongst the best I have ever encountered.Our room was amazing. Maybe there was not the same level of opulence you would get in a four or five star place but everything was clean and well maintained, particularly the bed.Because the hotel is small you didn't get things like pay per view movies but there was a thorough range of cable channels available which was fine for us.Clearly the best thing about the hotel was the view. We had a clear view of Buckingham Fountain and the Field Museum as well as the loop skyline and Lake Michigan. It was amazing to watch sunrise and sunset across the lake and not to be overlooked by anyone.There have been some comments previously about the continental breakfast. It was absolutely fine. There was a well stock supply of Coffee, Juice, Cereals, Bagels and Muffins. OK it's not what you would get at one of the major hotels around the Mag Mile but it is free.In response to some other comments there are better locations of hotels in the city. This hotel is right in the south of the Loop, so you do have a fair old walk for the Magnificent Mile and attractions such as Navy Pier. However, it is a good location for the Museum Campus and Grant Park and is certainly no more than ten blocks from Macys on State Street (and around three blocks from the Willis (Sears) Tower). It is also worth noting that there is an El Station right outside the hotel.Overall this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. I can accept that it may not suit everyone but if you don't mind a little bit of walking then it is worth going for the view alone.	
Nov 4 2009 	Misleading...disappointing would not stay again!	Needed three rooms with two beds each, none available, also no rollaways available. We had to reserve three rooms with one bed each and were told we could use air mattresses. When we arrived in the room, we understood why no rollaways were available, there is no room for them! In all my traveling I have never seen a room so small. Disappointed in front desk staff, as we all stood in the lobby, they knew there was no way two adults and two teenagers would fit in each room. Also should legally not be allowed. It was extremely noisy all night long, dirty and old feeling.Gives the franchise a bad reputation. Shocked at the other reviews, it is not a nice property, there are much better options for the same price!	
	hotel and a lot of history	hilton downtown, it has a lot of history, and a few film have been made here, when it was build it was the largest hotel in the world ,it was called the stevens.	
Nov 22 2009 	Can't wait to go back!	This was my first time visiting Chicago and it will not be the last, and I will stay at this Best Western again. The employees at the front desk are great! They are very polite and helpful. The rooms are a little small but very comfortable. This hotel is very clean, and that made me very happy! Love the coffee and bakery shop near the lobby. The location of the hotel can't get any better. Because of that we saved a lot of money in transportation. We walked everywhere! There are two breakfast places near by, Yolk right next door. The breakfast there is excellent and the portions are huge and the other one we loved was on the street right behind the hotel, Eleven City Deli. A Jewish deli with lost of personality, great food, huge portions and great service. I'm already planning my next trip to the windy city!	
Aug 16 2009 	Will stay again	We stopped by Chicago on our road trip with 4 kids from Toronto to Minnesota (oldest child=6 years old). This is a great property that is relatively new (within 2 years). It is located in a campus of Marriott hotels. There is a TGI Fridays within walking distance and Giordano's (famous for their Chicago deep dish pizza) within driving distance - that's pretty much it. The pool is very nice and the rooms are typical residence inn. If you have never stayed here, the one bedroom is the same size as a studio with a wall. Breakfast was great with a waffle maker, fruit loops, fruit, oatmeal, muffins, eggs, coffee - enough to feed the little kids and the parents. Customer service was wonderful and extremely friendly. My only drawback was that there were NO IN-ROOM MOVIES AVAILABLE for the kids. They were a little bored with just a swimming pool. Fitness facility is pretty basic with treadmill and bicycle - small but clean.	
Nov 21 2009 	Ok for Single Business Traveler-Check alternatives for Couples/Families	We stayed at the Marriott for a business convention for 3 nights. The location was great (right next to Nordstrom's on Michigan Ave) for the meeting and for after hours events. The room was relatively clean and well maintained, and staff was responsive to special requests. Why would I probably not stay here again? There are so many options within the area of Michigan Ave, and most are probably more up to date. While the hotel has been cosmetically upgraded with great sheets/flat screen tv/etc, it simply isn't up to current hotel standards when you're talking about a room over $200 per night. An older hotel, our room was small, the doors were very narrow, the bathroom was extremely small (5x6) with hardly enough room to close the 24&quot; door (and we're just average size folks), the light switch upon entering the room was located inside the closet, the beds are extremely soft (although staff quickly added a bedboard upon request). Because our room and bathroom were so small, we would probably opt for a different hotel in the area with more up to date comforts next time we visit. Not a problem if you're traveling alone or at a pure business meeting, but most families or couples out for a romantic setting would want just a little more room.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fabulous hotel and service	Wanted to stay downtown and the Peninsula was perfect. The room and view were fantastic. The service was impeccable. Every employee you passed genuinely greeted you. The management here clearly does a wonderful job. The only thing I would point out was that I emailed the concierge prior to my arrival for restaurant recommendations and noone ever responded back. Other than that the stay was absolutely amazing.	
	Excellent Value and friendly professional courteous staff in Great Location.	My wife and I truly enjoyed our recent stay at this Sheraton Hotel. The value for money was outstanding - I know the price we paid is a reflection of the current difficult economic conditions but it really was worth much more money. The room and facilities were very comfortable and became our home during a week of constant activity. We looked forward to coming back to our room every evening, our &quot;island of tranquility&quot;, which overlooked the river and was very quiet. The front desk and housekeeping staff made us feel like special guests every day. We really liked the free internet access in the link caf; the complimentary Starbuck's coffee and Tazo Teas are a generous and welcome amenity. Every hotel employee we met was helpful and pleasant. We loved the central location for our stay during Thanksgiving Week and will not hesitate to return to this hotel when the next opportunity presents itself. There is much we could say about the little things that make a stay enjoyable, and it is obvious that staff training and attention to detail as well as the intangibles, &quot;positive attitude, pride and willingness to please the customer&quot; are very evident throughout your facility.	
Oct 14 2009 	Bates Motel	I've stayed at some run down places all over the world, but this place takes the cake. First off it is a brothel, and filled with meth/crack heads. I have no idea how this place passes any inspections. I was going to a couple of shows at the Congress theater, and this place is the closest place to it, so I thought I'd try it out even though the reviews were bad. When we first walked in we had to talk to a guy behind a window and pay, then we were buzzed though another door where we had to go up stairs battling crack heads on the way up. When I got to my room I looked around and found out that I was sharing a bathroom with the room next door, which had some shady charactars in it. I would have never trusted my belongings in my room with only a plywood door between us. Then I sat on the bed and realized it was covered in plastic sheets under the covers. I looked at the plastic sheets and they were plastic wrap with duct tape. The sheets were also full of awsome yellow stains. Luckily we were given a refund and did not have to stay, otherwise I would probably not have been able to written this because I would have been kidnapped and sold into a lifetime of male erotic sexual slavery.	
	Great Time Beautiful Location	My wife and I stayed here for our honeymoon. We wanted a comfortable luxury hotel that was close to the Mag. Mile. We were able to get a Corner King on the 21st floor. It was a great view. The pluses-Amazing bed-The shower was very lavish-Hotel staff were very helpful-Breakfast (free if you make your reservations online) was delicious and very filling-Location (near Mag Mile with a Whole Foods around the corner for easy snacks)-MP3 docking station was a nice add on-The gym was sufficient for a quick workout-The Spa was helpful and my massage felt wonderful after alot of walking around Chicago and my wife enjoyed her manicure and facial. Minuses -The second floor entrance was a slight problem but nothing that you can't handle-The ceilings were much to look at-The Spa prices were higher than we were used to but seemed to be inline with downtown Chicago. So as you can see I don't have alot of negative things to say about Dana. The service was great, the view was wonderful and the amenities were lavish. I would recommend this hotel to young couples or hip familes visiting Chicago for leisure	
Nov 13 2009 	This hotel was what I'd expect from a Hyatt- in EASTERN EUROPE!	I didn't book this hotel, a family member did as a bunch of us flew in for a wedding. If I had to spend more than 36 hours there I would have left for somewhere else. This hotel, which I actually saw on some websites had 5 stars, was a dump. It was more like staying in a college dorm than a hotel. The room smelled. The carpet was gross and old. There was no real closet. The worst part was they didn't have a fitted bedsheet for the mattress- they put a top sheet on for the bottom sheet, which of course slid off anytime you moved. The room was just disgusting.When we checked in Friday night, about 830, we were hungry, but the resaurant was closed (except for the bar). We did eat at the restaurant for breakfast, and it was actually good (great pancakes)- the only good part of the whole hotel.The hotel is only close to the convention center. EVERYTHING else is a cab ride. They have a one-way shuttle downtown, but only leaves every hour. When I inquired about it, the concierge didn't know the times it left and didn't tell me that I could make a reservation for it (fortunately my family member found out and reserved us seats or that would have been another cab fare).Overall, for this same money I've stayed in Marriott Courtyards and Hampton Inns 10x as nice. This place was just horrible.	
Nov 12 2009 	What you'd expect from a "mutant" Four Seasons-Ritz Carlton	It's confusing branding, but it's pretty much what you'd expect. Nearly obsequious service, but not quite. Nice setting. Very clean and well maintained rooms. Quiet. Food is excellent in room service and restaurants. Very nice views from nearly every room. Possible to get good rates that make it possible to stay here for business.	
	Great!	The favorable reviews, free WiFi, free breakfast, pool, location, and discounted parking was the reason I decided to stay at this hotel. I booked the standard room with 2 Full beds. At check-in, the friendly receptionist upgraded us an Executive room with King bed and pullout sofa. The room was a very spacious corner room on the top floor with 2 walls of windows for an impressive view of the surrounding city. The bathroom was large and modern. The deskspace was 10 feet long with 2 leather executive chairs. Just a great experience. Everything in the hotel is new and modern. The only downside is the pool and hottub are really small! But the kids had fun, and it didn't matter. Everything else was excellent.	
Nov 25 2009 	Fantastic Experience Great Location!	What a sleek exterior, cool vibe, and yet so laid back and friendly! Our room was sooo cool, with chrome, lots of mirrors, a wonderfully comfortable bed and pillows, and great bathroom facilities, with a really roomy shower - built for 2?. And what a staff! We asked for a room with &quot;a bit of a view&quot; and wound up with a view of Michigan Avenue, the Wrigley Plaza, and the river. And the location! If you were to make downtown Chicago into a dart board, this would be the bullseye. It is absolutely dead-center, right between the Loop and the Mag Mile, just a block from the river. In fact, we were able to watch the Festival of Lights parade from that great window we were given. It's a block from the Cultural Center and the train station, a couple of blocks from the theater district, the Art Institute, Macy's, etc, etc....It's right by the river walk, plenty of breakfast/lunch spots scattered about. The Hard Rock is into music, giving you the option of renting a Gibson (?) guitar to use if you'd like. Unfortunately, music is one of 2 areas they fell short of perfection for us. There was no cd player for our music (though there was an i pod hookup)...and the rooms could use more storage. They are huge, with lots of wall space, but one more chest of drawers would go a long way to solve that problem. Still, that's not enough to give anything but a stellar review for our weekend stay. We definitely got our Rock On!!	
Oct 6 2009 	Totally recommend it	This is an inexpensive hotel smack in the center of downtown. 10 min walk to Grant Park. 15-20 min walk to the beginning of the Magnificent Mile. The rooms are not huge, but a comfortable size - only the bathroom stands out as small (there is no bath, only a shower), but that wasn't a big deal for me. Everything you need is still there. The rooms are very clean. Temperature comfortable. Had no problem sleeping in this hotel, except that you could hear other guests slamming shut their doors, which actually startled me a couple of times. Oh, and the purified chilled water comes really handy! All in all I was very satisfied with this hotel.	
	GOOD PLACE	It is a very comfortable hotel to enjoy your trips in a very good location	
	Review...	Hotel itself was nice. Concierge was great as well as the staff in the bar/restaurant. The staff at the front desk were horrible!!!! We waited 1 1/2 hours passed our check in time and finally I went up there for the third time and they had a room ready for us. Hotel was beautiful, rooms were nothing special, hotel was close to everything...including the hospital across the street that has ambulances with sirens leaving and arriving all times of the night! Ugh.	
	Very nice stay	We spent the Thanksgiving weekend at the hotel and got a very good price (much lower than the normal rate). The room was very nice as was the pool and exercise room. The parking was expensive, but they give 50% discount for hybrid cars (yea!) so it was reasonable. There aren't many places in the immediate vicinity to eat, but nothing is a very far walk.	
Nov 9 2009 	Don't Stay Here	I live across the street from Hotel Chateau and wanted to put out a warning to travelers not to stay here. This is an actual halfway house, bum hotel. People literally stay here and pay by the hour. It's rampant for drugs, prostition, and violence. This is not the type of hotel you'd want to stay at. I've never stayed there and I never will, I'm just trying to help incoming travelers understand what this place is.	
Oct 21 2009 	5 blocks from MDW walking faster than driving on Cicero	Stayed here Oct 20-22th 2009, with business about 1.5 miles away. Travel time was approximately 45 minutes on either Cicero or Pulaski in rush hour, so plan accordingly. Hotel is clean, in a complex of 5 or 6 other major chains. Basically all business travellers here, saw no families. no pool. Price runs about 50% over most HIE's I have stayed at, I would guess just for location alone. Some rooms have microwaves and ridges, mine did not. Parking is not free. You hear the low rumble of aircraft all the time, but the fan is loud enough that it covers them well. Room 105 stays nice and dark at night.	
	Wonderful	I had a sore throat and the hotel brought to my room a carafe and a microwave to make tea. WONDEFUL.	
Aug 23 2009 	OK....	We recently stayed here for just one night as we were in town for a concert at the nearby Toyota Park.The hotel was off of a main street, back in a little complex with a bunch of other hotels and a couple of restaurants. The room was OK - seemed clean and bed was comfortable enough. They did require you to have a parking permit - cost of $10 seems a bit much.I would only stay here if I again was taking an early morning flight out of Midway, or going to another show at Toyota park - otherwise no reason to be in the area	
Nov 2 2009 	Excellent hotel with great complimentary breakfast	I was very impressed by what this hotel had to offer including free parking lot and the complimentary breakfast which wowed my whole family. It was a blast including hot waffle, fruits, cereal, yogurt, oatmeal, and more. The facility was nice. They even had a system that prints the boarding pass anytime. I'll definitely stay here when I visit Chicago again.	
Oct 13 2008 	the worst hotel i have ever attempted to stay in.	This &quot;hotel&quot; is a complete and utter failure. I used to live near this hotel, in Andersonville, so I knew the location was not that bad. I had tickets to a concert and it happened to be the weekend of the marathon, so when i was trying to make hotel reservations, all the other hotels had a three-night minimum. This was all I could really find. When we arrived, I realized it was going to be a bit seedy. When we got our keys, we went to the room only to find the door open a few inches. I immediately went back to the office and said I wasn't going in. The guy said to check the closets and he would be right there if I needed him. (!!!) I wanted my money back that instant, but thought I should just suck it up. We went in to find the room empty, thankfully, but in complete disrepair. Scuffs and stains all over the walls and everything else; it was a scene from a B-movie to say the least, and not worth a damn penny of the $80 they were asking. There were multiple other events/problems that led to me getting a refund even though the sign in the office said: &quot;No Refunds.&quot; We did not stay to sleep in the surely disease-infested beds.	
Nov 11 2009 	Ups and Downs	I was in Chicago for business and stayed with another colleague in a room. The room was very clean, but the hotel is a bit cheap when it comes to bathroom amenities. There were two of us booked in the room--why only one bath robe? Turn down service was spotty. One night we had a drink in the room; our wine glasses were taken but never returned until we called. There is a service called &quot;Delighted to Service&quot;----the person who answered when I called apparently wasn't told you were supposed to be friendly when a hotel guest calls!The bar in the hotel, Novo is a complete rip-off. One night 4 of us met for drinks. 2 of my friends ordered the special martinis at $11 each. When the first one arrived, we laughed and joked that the waitress must have been thristy since it wasn't even 3/4 full; the second maritini was also less then 3/4 full so we joked that the waitress must have tripped and spilled some. The friend who ordered an expensive wine got about 2 inches of wine, if that.The hotel does have great facilities for conferences which is why we were there. It is not cheap. I might stay there again, but if they want to rate the hotel as a 4 star, the overall experience needs to be upgraded.	
	A Quiet Retreat	Located on a quiet, residential street in the Gold Coast, the Hotel Indigo was always a pleasure to return to during our four night stay in a hectic city.The room was very peaceful with a soothing decor of wicker furniture and murals of shells. A bit small but there was a place for everything. And the room was very quiet -- no noise from the hallway or from the outside. The hotel is also a good place if you are travelling with a dog. A dog park is only one block away and Lake Michigan with its boardwalk is only four blocks away. Restaurants are close and it is also only a short walk to shopping on Michigan Avenue. If you are looking for a small hotel in a quiet area versus a large hotel more central to downtown, the Hotel Indigo should be just right. And the door man always greeted us with a smile!	
Nov 23 2009 	"W" for "Without" Service	Total Disapointment. I've statyed at the San Diego, New York, and the Atlanta location--all good!The W-Chicago has small and older rooms with a with half way attempt from the hotel to make them look modern. Total lack of customer service, with a &quot;don't&quot; care attitude. They made it seems like we were botherig them. There were no resolution to any request. They totally screwed up our invoice. The lobby and the lounge were &quot;dead&quot; on a weekend!! I can now understand why. Take your money else where and stay!	
Oct 12 2009 	A great hotel to stay at for Navy Graduation	The hotel is very clean and well maintained. The staff was helpful. The kids enjoyed the indoor pool and we enjoyed being able to stay in a hotel where you did not have to wear shoes in the rooms. This hotel is convienent to get to from the highway and was about 20 minutes away for the RTC Graduation at Great Lakes. If you are attending the RTC Graduation do not try to park on base for the graduation. Go one block past the main gate and park at the Metra parking lot. It will cost you $2.00 and you will have to walk a block but it will save you much grief.	
Sep 21 2009 	Slum	Not only are the rooms jacked up but the Manager of the Building is total lacking customer service skills and has no respect for heterosexual people obviously. I had never met this guy before and told him about my shower not working in my room in which I paid for a private room with shower and he acted like a kid, stating &quot;you can leave when your rent is up&quot;. My rent is up on Tuesday, at noon, and I definitely would be out of the building. If Abbott wants its hotel to improve, it first must rid of the manager. And the next time a paying customer states they shower is not working the Manager should just say I will have maintenance take a look at the situation and we will have an answer for you when you get back. Belmont is a historical place and ABBOTT HOTEL must shape itself around the Beauty Belmont holds instead of having a Bum Manager run and ruin ABBOTTS Hotel. GET RID OF THE MANAGER! Once you do that, I think the place will get better ratings.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Location - Average Hotel	The hotel has a great location, about 1/4 of a block from Michigan avenue. Once on Michigan there are a plethora of restaurants and bars to choose from.I'll break my review down to a few aspects of the hotelCheck In: Not a pleasant experience. There were 3 big groups checking in the same time as us and 1 person manning the check in counter. After 15 minutes they eventually pulled someone else over. Finally after nearly 30 minutes they gave us our key. They conveniently forgot about the $25 gift card we selected on their website. Forget about that. Its not a gift card. Its a promise to pay reabate that you must mail in when you return home. Thanks!Room: We were put on the top floor orignally in a terrible room with no view. We called down to the front desk to see if we could be switched. After 20 rings, and no answer, I headed downstairs. I asked for a corner room, as I requested on the internet. They finally gave use one, saying it only had a queen beed. I didnt care about that. This room was awesome with an extra long window facing the lake (partially obstructed by taller buildings). New LG LCD tv and another window facing North (John Hancock partially visable).Pool: Forget about it. Its a glorified hot tub, except the water is freezing. If your looking for a nice relaxing swim - dont stay here.Staff: Most of the staff were helpful, nothing execptional though. I had a run in with the restaurant bartender the Saturday night they were there. He was running his mouth and shooting down all of his customers opinions on the upcoming NFL season. I blurted out &quot;your an idiot&quot; and he totally freaked out. Took my drink from me, told me I'm cutoff , and asked me to leave the bar. Needless to say this really irritated my wife and I and we complained the next day to the barley 30 year old manager. He was useless and didnt offer us anything in compensation.Restaurant - Good for drinks, didnt try the food, avoid sitting at the bar when there is a tall skinny black haired kid with long sideburns.Overall - I would definetly check out the proper Marriott , Hilton, or Renaissance next time I stay downtown Chicago. This was cheaper yes, but you get what you pay for.	
	Great stay in the windy city	Hotel was as described and whilst there was obvious works going on in the hotel we never heard anything. Staff were always polite and welcoming and its situ is ideal. I would recommend The Old Pancake House for breakfast, as per other trip advisor recommendations, it is superb quality and value.	
	solid average but nice location	The hotel is conveniently located just off the Magnificent Mile which has excellent shopping, and is walking distance to many attractions (though not particularly close to the subway). The hotel is nice and rooms are well decorated (though no LCD tvs), but when we arrived, there was no shampoo in the room, no wash cloths (we had to call the front desk to have them and the shampoo brought up), and worst of all, the toilet seat was dirty and there was a used wash cloth from the previous guest drapped over the shower curtain. My wife and I would probably choose to stay somewhere else next time.	
	Perfection in service.	We recently travelled to the US from Australia for a family reunion and found the Affinia to be more than exceptional. The Concierge were amazing. Christopher was the most helpful, enthusiastic and professional concierge we have ever met. All the concierge knew our names by the end of the first day (2 adults, 4 children aged 4,5,6,9) and greeted us with genuine enthusiasm. For Australians travelling to Chicago, this hotel reminded us of home, no 'fake' American service, genuine care! Rooms were big and extremely clean. Just wish there was a coin laundry nearby! Great pizza restaurants next door and within 1 block from the hotel. For Australians wanting a proper cup of coffee...there is a french bakery nearby that has great morning meals! Well Done Christopher and the boys at Concierge....thank you for making a long trip so pleasant!	
	Hotel is going through hard times	I was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late September, and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle, but affected me and my husband. For example, he got locked out of our room 2 times, once having to wait for 15 minutes in the hallway after going to the spa. The other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony, so that was stressful because he lost some time. The keycard just would stop working. Then a fuse blew, so we had no power while trying to get ready. It happened to me also, coming back from the spa, and I called on the hallway phone to get help. Luckily, right after that, an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if I had been waiting long--as if she knew this was a problem. I said no, and she called down to check. Apparently, no one had even called Security to get me back into my room! She had a set of keys and let me in, thank god. Then, on our wedding night, my husband wanted to order from room service. It was a little after 10:30pm. We were told that room service was closed for the night--even though all the literature in the room brags about &quot;24 hour dining.&quot; That fact was never communicated to us when we checked in.I feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping. We later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off, so maybe that's why people weren't too intersted in providing good service. I don't think if I would recommend that anyone stay at this Fairmont nor will I ever again. BTW, the spa is great to hang out in, even if you're not doing a massage.	
	Very disappointed after having read the reviews	I like boutique hotels. But, this one feels cheap and it's not clean. First of all I asked if I could have a quiet room - yes, they respond. Only to get a corner room full of windows facing the main street. It's impossible to block out the lights (and noise) with many pairs of curtains that you could not get to stay closed. In the bathroom, there was a used towel hanging over the shower curtain. After letting the front desk know, it was actually there the next day as well. The phone had long black hairs on the panel of the phone. The rugs were dingy - just did not feel clean in anyway. There's no real room service and the &quot;free&quot; continental breakfast is not even as good as like a Hampton Inn. When i checked out and checked the bill the rate was 50% more than my colleagues - and when I asked why they said it was my travel agents fault as they did not book a corporate rate. They were so unhelpful and actually quite rude. For $365, you have to be kidding . . . .	
	Would not recommend this hotel. We were very dissatisfied.	Stayed this past weekend 11/26 - 11/28 to celebrate one year anniversary. When I booked our stay directly with the hotel, I booked a large King room. $215.00 was the quoted rate. I requested a higher floor room with an east view since the main picture on Hotel Felix Chicago website is a lovely picture of the Chicago skyline including a beautiful view of the John Hancock tower. I was told that everything would be taken care of and we were going to receive a larger King room with a lovely view. We arrived early Friday and we were told that housekeeping was just finishing getting our room ready for us. We were each given a free drink coupon to have a drink in the front lobby small bar/lounge and were told that our bags would be brought up to the room while we waited in the lounge. About 1/2 hour later, we went to our room on the 9th floor (the hotel consists of 12 floors). It was a King room, but when I looked out our window at our view - we were facing South, not East and our view was a paid parking lot and Copperfield's (a liquor store).The next morning, I spoke with guest services and questioned the room. I was told that we received the same room that a &quot;celebrity&quot; receives when staying. The gentleman, who will remain nameless as I don't want to give names, said that we had been upgraded from room 906 to room 904, which is a larger King room. I still questioned why we didn't receive the East view as promised, and was told that we could have an East view room, but we would be downgrading to a Queen size much smaller room. So, we chose to stay in our room. Following is my complete laundry list review of the hotel:Here are the problems we found with the hotel:1.) Given multiple excuses for their lack of service/continuity. The information I received when asking about why we didn't receive the room we were promised, I feel was inadequate and unprofessional. We had breakfast the next morning in their restaurant, &quot;Elate&quot; and I asked for a spoon for my coffee. Our server stated that they were getting ready for lunch set-up and that's why I wasn't given a spoon. We were also told by our server that the restaurant and hotel were in no way connected to each other when we asked about trading up our breakfast vouchers that we paid for to get a better breakfast and pay the difference in cost. He told us that we had to take it up with the hotel because the restaurant and hotel were not connected in any way. The same female that checked us in at the hotel on Friday afternoon was now hostessing in the restaurant on Saturday morning. To me, that seems connected. In addition, the restaurant provides room service for the hotel and gives you the option to bill the room when you dine in the restaurant. To me, that seems connected.2.) It states that they provide &quot;whisper quiet rooms&quot;. That is an inaccurate description. You can hear the t.v., conversations, etc... in the adjacent rooms and in the hallway. I would honestly compare the sound level to staying at a cheap hotel. That's not what you want in a top-star hotel and certainly not what I would classify good when wanting to have a romantic weekend. I would certainly never bring my three-year old son for fear of what he may hear coming from another guest's room.3.) Storage for your clothing and suitcase is insufficient. There is no suitcase fold-out provided and the tiny closet is poorly designed. There is a tiny built in closet space with a hanging bar that also acts as a curtain rod to close and hide your belongings , but they chose to put a shelf in the middle with a safe on it. There is also a face-out bar below the shelf, but any item you put on it drags on the floor and if you use the top curtain rod to hang on, your items are jammed up against the safe and the shelf and you can't close the curtain. When we walked in our room there was the ironing board just leaned against the wall because there is no where even it can be stored.4.) The bathroom itself was a decent size, but a very small sink and lack of mirror for two people, and the adjustable shower head is set at a very low height. If you raise the shower head for normal height, the 1/2 length shower curtain causes a tiny flood in the bathroom because it doesn't extend the full length of the bathtub/shower.5.) When stating luxury comfort bathrobes provided for a room that is booked for 2 adults, we only had one bathrobe in our room. I asked for another and never received it during our 2 day stay. Perhaps there was a shortage of robes.6.) Pillows - they only offer one size of pillows on the bed and they are quite full and uncomfortable to sleep on. I like a fuller pillow, but could not use their pillows. My fiancee slept pillow-less and I had to try my best to just stay on the edge of the pillow. The next day we spoke to housekeeping directly (to avoid guest services) and she provided us with what seemed to be (2) throw pillows and put them in pillowcases for us so we could sleep. We did appreciate her effort to make us comfortable.7.) I do not feel that the food in the restaurant &quot;Elate&quot; is consistent. I would recommend their coffee and the Felix burger. (Side note: they don't put cheddar or any other cheese on it if you request it. We did request them to replace the &quot;creamed leeks&quot; with cheddar cheese if possible and it came with nothing). The seasoned fries that come with the burger are good. Their french style omelet with house potatoes is good as well, but the granola, the quiche, the 2 eggs how you want them and the french toast was not enjoyable. I am a trained chef and I was dissatisfied with the quality of the food overall.When we checked out , our receipt that was given at checkout did not match what Hotel Felix charged our Mastercard. We were charged the upgraded room rate that we didn't request. The hotel also charged us for bottled water that we did not drink in the room. After calling guest services once I returned home and discovered this on my online checking, I have been told that the credit will be made and I should expect it within 2 - 3 business days. I would be sure to obtain a receipt at checkout and make sure you are charged correctly as we were not. They overcharged us $645.00 that we are waiting to be credited to our Mastercard.Good things about I found about the hotel:1.) great location - but promise of being &quot;whisper quiet&quot; not fulfilled. Also disregard the photo of the view on the website of this hotel. West side has construction of a large building approximately 20 feet from your window and is completely obstructed.2.) nice H20 spa products for bathroom (soap, shampoo, conditioner)3.) Free wi-fiI would not stay in the hotel again and I would not recommend it. I feel as though they tried to put too many rooms into this hotel when they revamped the building, which doesn't allow for soundproofing. I also feel like we were given far too many excuses for their lack of service.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great location but old (and shows it)	Obviously, Chicago hotels have a lot of turnover due to conventions and general tourism. However, this shouldn't stop hotels from updating their buildings. While my wife and I have stayed at the Inn at Lincoln Park several times over the past few years, our last visit will probably be the last.Despite the great location (less than a mile from the water, $10 cab ride to downtown, bars and stores--including Starbucks--nearby), the owners have let the place go. While it hasn't been &quot;new&quot; by any stretch since we've started staying here on yearly visits to the city, the &quot;old world charm&quot; (as another reviewer mentioned) is something of the past. Instead of old world, it's simply old. Our room (granted, only $100 for the city (and parking is extra), but we paid less for a MUCH better and newer room in the burbs) had peeling wallpaper, cracked walls and ceilings, obvious poorly-done patch jobs, and water stains. The bed was horrible as well.That being said, the bathroom was immaculate--which is nice. Additionally, the front desk staff was pleasant to deal with.If you're looking for a place to spend an hour a day in, then this could be your hotel. I would give it a try if you can get a room for $100. Otherwise, try to check other area hotels. I know we will.	
Jul 15 2009 	Do the calculus and staying here adds up.	Clean, updated property with spacious rooms. Property is merely 9 years old and has already undergone renovations, certainly a commendable choice on the part of the district managers. The parking lot is safe and well lit. The advantages of staying here are many: It is probably 124 feet from the Interstate (I-94), 5 miles from the Purple Line 'L' train (CTA - Chicago Transit Authority - www.transitchicago.com), providing access to the city of Chicago for only $2.25 (w/ transfer). Nearest stops are Central for Purple Line, or end of the line for the Yellow Line train (on Dempster St. near Grosse Pointe Blvd.). If one needs access to the Metra Commuter line, then travel a short 3 miles west toward the suburb of Glenview (metrarail.com). For those taking buses, there is the 205, 54a, 201 (all CTA buses), and the 208 and the 422 (both PACE buses - PACE is the suburban bus line - www.pacebus.com) The hotel has laundry facilities on-site ($1.50 wash, $1.50 dry). The location itself has a well-kept campus, and the surrounding community is clean and very safe. Should a guest need a place to shop, the location has close proximity to an outdoor mall, Old Orchard Shopping Mall (a very safe location, no trouble with roving gangs of young rabble rousers often seen in malls all across America). There are also two grocery stores that come to mind immediately (Jewel Osco, Garden Fresh Market). There is a Post Office across the street from the Jewel Osco on Skokie Blvd. Need a Target or Wal-Mart? Just drive 5 miles away to the suburb of Niles, get westbound on Golf Road and that will take you to the general area where Gold Road and Milwaukee Ave meet. Your department store needs will be met and there is another shopping mall (Golf Mill Shopping Mall) there with a Sears store among many others within. For Korean grocery stores, there is Super H Mart by Waukegan Road and Oakton St. Or, there is Assi on Miwaukee Ave just north of Dempster St. One recent attraction is the newly opened and christened Illinois Holocaust Museum and Education Center (http://www.ilholocaustmuseum.org/). Former United States President William Jefferson Clinton came with his entourage one Sunday in May 2009 to nearly shut down the surrounding areas and give a speech and to be with the local Jewish population and their neighbors from the area communities. I hear it a good place to visit, albeit sobering. Have time for a drink? There are a few ideas. If a person would like to see a large, expansive beer menu, go to a place called 'The Glen'. The Glen is an area that has recently been developed on the site of what used to be a United States Naval airfield. The Glen is situated in what is understood to be the suburb of Glenview, the business is called The Yardhouse. For those looking for a dive bar, take I-94 west, exit at Lake St., travel through the light and get into the left lane immediately after the light. Great little place Meier's Tavern (http://www.meierstavern.com/). Arguably the best bar nearest to the hotel. Not a place to see people or be seen, but to enjoy a bar the way bars were back when our grandparents inhabited them. Looking for food? The hotel has a kind of 'Dining In' menu that one might find in the downtown area hotels of Chicago, but just draws from local establishments. For pizza, I recommend this business called 'Vince's Pizza' (ask the front desk staff to assist with this). I am not a fan of the Giordano's Pizza that we promote here in the greater Chicagoland area. Lots of great flavor, excellent food at Vince's Pizza, even the delivery drivers are good to deal with. Being by the interstate affords some opportunity for kinds of cuisine. Sure, it is possible to grab something quick at Ruby Tuesday across the parking from the hotel (they do have great management and staff), but when one is by the interstate, why not take your clients or colleagues to one of the nearby North Shore communities for a dining experience? The local communities are Niles, Glenview, Northbrook, Evanston, Morton Grove, Park Ridge, Winnetka, Willmette, Skokie, Kenilworth, Highland Park. One of the local restaurants is called Hackney's on Harms. The General Manager of the Extended Stay swears by the place. Good place for a nice burger, I hear. Staying away from home is not ideal, but staying at this particular property will make the days away much more tolerable when on your business trip. The hotel is not too busy where getting assistance from the staff is unimaginable. They can help fetch a cab, they can answer your questions. Never have the staff been inaccessible when needing to resolve questions regarding my stay. In a way, this kind of seems to be a flagship (lead) property for Extended Stay America.  I believe one can grab a cab to O'Hare International airport for roughly 40 dollars each way. Be careful with the cabbies in this area, some are exceptional, but some will drive around when they actually know precisely where there hotel is. Try to be alert if the guy is playing dumb. It is only a few that have done, I hear, but one can never know if they are the next sucker to the games. A hospital is conveniently nearby, it is probably less than a mile from the Extended Stay America Skokie (ESA), NorthShore Skokie Hospital (http://www.northshore.org/clinicalservices/radio/default.aspx). Need a place to take some folks in the city of Chicago for an evening? Go on a Wednesday to see Alfonso Ponticelli and Swing Gitan at The Green Mill (www.greenmilljazz.com). This guy and his band are remarkable. It is mostly instrumental music, but it takes you back to France 1930's era and the jazz forms celebrated then as understood by Django Reinhardt. These are just some reflections on my stay at this property. I hope this helps all.	
	Great Hotel	There was a large conference in town and had to get a hotel at the last minute. Used priceline and won the hotel for a great price. The room I got had a kitchenette and was nicely sized, larger than what I was expecting. The rooms were very much updated and in style, clean and overall very good. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 15 2009	Will Stay at the Belden-Stratford the Next Time I am in Chicago	We loved our stay for 1 night at the Belden-Stratford, the room was the size of an 1 1/2 bedroom apartment with lots of room for 3 adults. Location right accross from the Zoo, Observatory and Park. Wonderful quiet location and a nice neighborhood. We stayed in Chicago for 4 nights and had booked our outher 3 nights at the Doubletree near Michigan Ave though Doubletreee was nice, no way as large or comfortable as our rooms at the Belden-Stratford. We had 2 bathrooms, living room, dinning room, fully equiped kitchen and another small room with a bed. Place was very charming and we all agree loved having all the extra space, would not stay any place else. The only problem you will need to take a cab to the center of Chicago which can run about $20, cab fair from the airport ran $30, but you can also catch a bus on the corner for a lot cheeper traveling into town. The hotel also offers free breakfast and has a lovely restaurant/sidewalk cafe. You must take a boat tour of the city, we picked up our tour at the New Trump tour. We went to the Chicago Art Institute which was wonderful, only thing would skip the 3rd floor, art on that floor was not our taste. Navy Pier is very nice, we went on a tall ship with a Pirate who told you wonderful true stories of the Pirates in Chicago. One of my favorite things was we went to a Chicago Cubs game and got to se the old stadium. Would love to go back to Chicago, just love the city.	
Nov 19 2009 	GREAT FIVE STAR	I have become a huge fan of Park Hyatt Hotels since my last few great stays with them. Four Seasons and Mandarin Oriental don't have loyalty programs, so when I go on business trips I'm motivated by getting the points. Something about getting a free night stay with two or something got me to check out the Park Hyatts. And I'm glad I did.This hotel has a spectacular, modern lobby. Fantastic spa. We had a great view from our room (see picture). The tub was super deep and they gave really great eucalyptus salts that were awesome after a long day of meetings. The room service menu had a great selection of sushi. Breakfast on the 7th floor was really nice with a great view.Criticism: the wifi at our room (1605) was non-existent. I don't know why. And also - be VERY specific on getting directions to the entrance the building is the huge water tower place and if you go to the GPS marked location you'll for sure be lost. Ask concierge on your way in specifically how to find the entrance, we circled around for about half an hour. Other than that, it's great. You have a semi-great room experience with the master bath opening into the living room. We loved it. Oh - sheets could've been softer.	
Oct 16 2009 	You Get What You Pay For	The price of the rooms at the Belair Hotel gives you some idea of what you will get. I was surprised that the rooms were in such good shape. The hotel is inexpensive and in a very active part of the city. The businesses and entertainment in the area are exceptional. There is good transportation all around the city from the hotel. Some of the staff could use lessons on professional courtesy. All in all I had a very good experience at the hotel. My room attendant Anne was exceptional! If I owned this business I would give her a raise. All in all for the money that I paid - I got good service.	
	"The Finest Chicago Hotel I have stayed at to date"	This past week I stayed at the Sutton Place Hotel in downtown Chicago. I was attending a medical conference and the location of the hotel, within walking distance of the &quot;Miracle Mile&quot;, downtown and the Lakeshore made it a perfect location.&quot; I have stayed in many of Chicago's finest hotels, many of which are typically priced well above the level of the Sutton Place Hotel. I have never stayed in a finer hotel in Chicago. As a comparison, my medical conference was held in a &quot;Five Star&quot; hotel, five minutes walking distance from the Sutton Place. I was in several of the rooms at this &quot;Five Star&quot; hotel as a guest of fellow physicians. I in fact have stayed in this &quot;Five Star&quot; hotel several times in the past, yet without question the Sutton Place Hotel was finer, in my opinion, in all respects. The Sutton Place Hotel's price was one quarter of this &quot;Five Star&quot; hotel. I was placed on the Penthouse Suite of the Sutton Place, I had a perfect view, my room was spotless. Both room service and the attached restaurant / bar were excellent. The hotel offers a business center in which guests are able to use the internet for free, which allows me to leave my laptop at home. The valet parking rates, with hotel validation, are a very good deal. I would HIGHLY recommend any Chicago traveler, for business or pleasure to stay at the Sutton Place Hotel.	
	Just OK	You can tell they are cutting back. I know times are hard but when you charge $300 you expect fast service. Room service took way too long and I was late for my meeting.	
Oct 26 2009 	We were very comfortable for a very reasonable price.	We stay at this hotel every time we visit Chicago. It is close to everything we want to see in the city, but the price feels more like what we would pay to stay in a far-away suburb. Parking at the hotel is free, and that cuts the price even more. We have never had a negative experience at the Ramada Inn Lakeshore Drive, and we don't even bother shopping around anymore.	
Nov 23 2009 	Don't be put off. Get a lake view room.	At the end of five weeks travelling we took a punt on this one. The King Room with lake view was worth every penny, and it wasn't really that expensive. We loved this place. A bit like a colourful aunt who has had plastic surgery along the way and some of it has gone a bit wrong. Sure the renovations don't quite match and the painters clearly took numerous long lunches. The room and bathroom were clean and fresh, the bed comfortable and the view to die for. Superb little breakfast place just down the road (turn left at the entrance, you'll know it when you get there). Centrally located and everything we were looking for in a one night stopover before we boarded the California Zephyr. Would go back again. Staff friendly and helpful although we don't understand why this place has been targetted by the Unionists - our understanding was that very few workplaces in the USA allow Union membership?	
	Great Hotel Good Location Great Value	I took my girlfriend to Chicago as a surprise anniversary present the weekend before Thanksgiving. I am unfamiliar with Chicago, but knew I wanted to stay near the museum and Millenium Park. On a value travel website, I found a rate for Hotel Blake less than half their advertised rate and I was sold. Reviews said it was 3-4 stars, but I really wasn't sure what to expect.When we showed up, I was pleasantly surprised. It's in a good neighborhood, and only a few minutes walk from Michigan avenue. We checked in very late, but the desk staff was courteous and helpful, though we did have to unpack and carry our bags ourselves. Valet-parking was available from the hotel, but half price parking is available literally just down the street from the hotel. When we made it to our room on the 9th floor, I was amazed at the room. Large room, magnificent bed, good decorations, huge bathroom. There was no train or traffic noise on the 9th story, and we both got excellent sleep on the comfortable mattress. Free wifi, excellent soap, shampoo, body wash, etc... even a sewing kit. The room definitely deserved four stars, my only minor quibble was a little mold in the shower stall of an otherwise impeccable bathroom. We never really tried the TV, but the room clock connected to my ipod, which I thought was neat.The free breakfast was great and unexpected, but I recommend getting there early as they ran out of donuts and danishes well before the posted closing time. Service was uniformly cordial and helpful, recommending good restaurants and nearby attractions. (awesome, but get there early). The pictures of Chicago posted on the Hotel Blake website were not representative of the actual view from the hotel, but google maps let me know what to expect in the vicinity. Overall, I heartily recommend the Hotel Blake and will probably stay there again if I can get the same rate.	
Nov 14 2009 	Perfect stay	Great location in a lively safe neigbourhood. Coffee/tea 24/7, breakfast in the morning, cookies in the afternoon, a diner across the street, bars and restaurants just a block away,... a perfect location for any adventurer. The hotel is right next to the Belmont train stop so if you're a light sleeper that might be a bit of an issue but that's really the only thing that could stop you from booking this hotel.	
	Off-site Parking At Your Own Risk"	The Willows website boasts about having parking with &quot;unlimited in and out privileges.&quot; Well, you should know that the Willows Hotel has &quot;No Parking&quot; on-site. The so-called hotel parking is actually an unmanned public parking garage down the ALLEY from the hotel. When I complained that the website was misleading the clerk said, &quot;None of the hotels in Lincoln Park here have their own parking.&quot; If you think it's risky walking from the parking garage to the hotel at night, just wait until you get your credit card bill. Immediately after we used a credit card at the garage's unmanned kiosk, some enterprising credit card thieves (in the NY area) began a frenzied &amp; fraudulent spending spree. Within four days of our stay at the Willows -- and it's off-site public parking garage -- over $10K in fraudulent charges were posted to the credit card used to pay for the parking. I never would have stayed at the Willows if had I known about the lousy parking situation. But, I had no idea that staying at the Willows with its off-site parking would be such a costly mistake.	
	Weekend Affordable and Close to ORD/Chicago	This is an excellent hotel if you are in Chicago for the weekend and you don't mind taking the MTA into the City (30-40 minutes $2). If you are flying in, then they have a very frequent shuttle to pick you up from ORD. And if you are driving-in just for the weekend, the hotel is adjacent to the Blue Line Station to get into the city. Traffic can be maddening.They have an good fitness room in the basement and the pool area is adjacent with families. The only caution is that I would recommend any room ending in ##14, you will be away from the freeway and the room is set up as a 1 bedroom. Many room have the TV on a lazy Susan/dresser separating the sleeping area from the living area. Other thing, all bathrooms are modern walk-in showers--no tubs...	
Nov 22 2009 	Not for Handicapped People	If you are handicapped, don't stay here. No valet parking, long walk to park, very dis-couraging. Nice view of the city, I enjoyed the food. Small Rooms need updating, dusty room, the most I have ever seen in a hotel, ever. I will look elsewhere when returning to Chicago.	
Nov 18 2009 	Super budget hotel in a great location!	Huge room, very clean, quiet, and comfortable. Valet parking &amp; bell staff were stellar. Long hours for plentiful continental breakfast so you can sleep in. One breakfast drawback is that there is no protein - I was looking for a hard-boiled egg or some yogurt at least.	
	Classy and Comfortable.	The rooms are clean, comfortable, and very quiet and have large working desks and a spacious bathroom with separate stall shower and toilet area (much like what you find at a Ritz Carlton). Highly recommend for business travelers--central location and rooms are very conducive to working. For leisure travelers, the hotel is connected to the Nordstrom mall and central to all tourist spots. And, love those Conrad slippers!	
	The worst hotel- Do not stay at this hotel	We stayed at this hotel because of some good reviews. When we checked in and got into our room the bathroom was a mess. The toilet as used, the stuff was all over the lid of the toilet and it was not flush at all. I almost got sick. I called the front desk and ask someone to clean it up.Some one did clean it up. I also asked for the supervisor and no one show's up. The supervisor or manager did not even call me.My husband and I were so tired from the flight, or we would have leaved the place. I definitely would not recommend this place to anyone.	
Sep 20 2009 	Perfect for sleep and shower	Immediate reaction, is &quot;what a dump?&quot; But we didn't plan on staying there except for sleep and showers since we were visiting to go to the U2 concert. Desk people were nice, but don't expect to check in early. The did hang on to our luggage before check in and check out.This is way dated. The halls smell like vomit. Room was stuffy and never got cold. Knobs are preset so can't change it. Shower wasn't great. Only mirror was in the bathroom. It wasn't bad, but I would spend a little more money next time. Location is good, expect to walk a lot. It is safe!	
Nov 12 2009 	Great location	Stayed hear because we wanted to go to the Kingston Mines and a few other Blues bars in that area. Very nice area to walk around and feal safe late at night. Lincoln park Zoo is about a mile walking distance from the hotel and there is plenty of places to eat. The front desk when we arrived was very helpful and pleasant. He gave us great advice about the places we were inquiring about ( eating,music,sightseeing). The room was pretty good as we had the King Junior suite, Bathrooms are very small, not much room around the sink to place anything. Beds Are very very comfortable. Walls are very thin, you can hear everything, as we were next to the staircase and could hear everyone going up and down the stairs. If you stay hear I would not recommend staying on the West side of the Hotel, there are trucks loading in the Alley beside you at 7A.M and they are there for most of the morning, but there is an alley on the East side to but it is a through lane so it might not be so bad. Internet was free and worked very well. Continental breakfast was excellent and free, parking was behind the building and looked pretty safe. Staff could not have been any nicer. No hairdryer or microwave, TVs work great. Elevator is small and hallways have a funny smell. But overall I would stay here again and would recommend it as long as you know this is what this hotel offers.	
Nov 18 2009 	Excellent value in Downtown Chicago	I had to attend a convention in Chicago and couldn't afford the conference hotel (Palmer House) and so booked rooms at the Travelodge. I was expecting the worst (I've stayed in some NASTY Travelodges before), but the location and price were excellent so I figured I'd take a chance. First of all, the front desk staff was so nice - I wanted to check in early so I could attend some meetings at the conference, and they didn't even blink (most hotels try to make you feel bad for not waiting until 3). The room was quite large, bright, clean and cheerful and the bed was really comfortable. There are two restaurants downstairs - the little diner was perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch (and surprisingly inexpensive) and the Thai place was fabulous. Every hotel staff member I spoke with was friendly and chatty (especially the maintenance guy - I needed help with the in-room safe and he took care of everything quickly!). My only complaint is that their cable menu is missing some obvious channels (Weather, Comedy Central), but no one should be watching TV when there's the whole city to explore. Speaking of exploration - the Art Institute is just up the block and the hotel is also a block from the shopping on Michigan and State Streets, so everything is really convenient.Altogether, the hotel is old and not nearly as nice as the Palmer House, but it was so inexpensive and much better than I expected. Would absolutely stay there again.	
Oct 28 2009 	Old hotel needs updating	The best part of this hotel was the bed. After that though, I am used to nicer hotels. First room smelled of smoke, The second room had stacks of chairs outside of it. Third room was about a football field away from lobby where they serve weak coffee and charge for it. The wifi only works in the lobby and the ethernet connections are SLOW and they charge you anyway. I would never stay at this hotel again. Hard to get as much work done as I would wish.	
	Great hotel!	The staff was amazing.The breakfast and dinner was perfect. Saved us tons of money and was perfect for the kids.Great location!	
	Perfection	Our family of 3 stayed for 4 nights over the long Thanksgiving weekend. We were warmly greeted by Frances who checked us in without any problems. Our room was excellent, and YES, the window-seats are so cool! So nice to cuddle up in a blanket with a cup of coffee and watch all the shoppers scurrying around the streets.We had traditional Thanksgiving dinner at McCormick &amp; Schmick's, less than a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Starbucks coffee in the lobby each morning was wonderful, and the wine reception in the evening was very nice. The hotel sets up the Wii for the kids to enjoy while their parents sip their wine and relax.The hotel is amazingly friendly and comfortable. Everyone on the staff had a smile on their face, even on Thanksgiving day. That means so much. Finally, the location. What else can be said? Perfection.	
Sep 15 2009 	Horrible disgusting roach motel	Yes, we had roaches. Staff said, &quot;It happens.&quot; They would not clean the room, spray the room, or move us to a different room. They bumped us down from a two bed room to a single bed, EVEN THOUGH WE WERE PREPAID FOR A DOUBLE BED ROOM. aND TO TOP IT OFF, THEY COMPLETELY PULLED OUT STUFF FROM OUR ROOM WHILE WE WERE GONE when they decided they had no space for us. They gave us no warning of this. Now, I can't get a refund.	
Nov 5 2009 	What a beautiful little Hotel	This is a very charming Hotel, beautiful designed rooms, great shower... our stay was just great!	
Nov 16 2009 	great hotel and location not so good staff	So the hotel was great, great location especially for two 22 year old girls who want to shop, party and site see. Our room was great and although there was no view at all it was very comfortable. The only problem we had was the staff. Normally I would like to avoid using names but I feel that Rachel should be mentioned. She should NOT be in the service industry! When a couple in front of us asked for a statement folio she slammed down the phone in anger and was huffing and puffing, me and my friend were actually too scared to approach her at any point to ask any questions incase she exploded in the same way. She was always in the back office and never manning the front desk and i dont believe i seen her smile once her attitude was appalling. There was also another lady whos name I didnt get, she was also quite ignorant and abrupt. On the bright side the valet staff and another 2 front desk staff a young girl and boy were both very friendly so we were actually able to get in a few questions here and there. We also used the pool which was fun but very very shallow, nice and relaxin after a full days shopping though. I would recommend this hotel mainly for its location and certainly not for rachel!!	
Jul 7 2009 	WORST HOTEL EVER!!!! Guaranteed to make your skin crawl!!!	This is without a dirt the nastiest hotel/motel/inn that I have ever stayed in. Fist of all, when walking in, you can taste the cancer in the air! (That is how thick the smell of cigarette smoke is!) I should have known not to stay there when after checking in, the worker gave me the key to my room AND THE REMOTE TO THE TV!!! LOL We put our stuff down in the room and left immediately to get some dinner, as it was quite late. Upon returning, we get into the dim-lit room which had the furnishings of a one-night-stand stop. That includes a chewed piece of bubble gum in the shower, torn bath towels, a tray and ice bucket labeled from the Ramada hotel and soap bars from Super 8 Motel!! Not sure how they got those items, because I would bet my life that they don't have an agreement with any of those groups. I decided that I might just be very picky, and we decided to get some sleep since we were both very tired from our flight. But once we pulled back the blanket and found curly hair on the sheets and the pillow cases, I decided that I could not stay there, especially with my girlfriend. At 2 a.m. while waiting to speak with the attendant at the front desk, I was able to overhear a pleasant conversation where a respectable customer rents a room for the &quot;four hour special&quot; of $50. Upon doing so, his male friend enters followed by 2 very short and very plump ladies, and then off they all were to have what I can only figure to be a very quiet night of sleep, because what else would they be doing in a hotel room for 4 hours? Now to think that my girlfriend and I would be sleeping in the same bed as some guy who rented the room for 4 hours, and assuming that they so not clean the rooms every four hours, I was decidedly not going to stay there at all.I get to the front desk and complain to them that I will not stay in their hotel and that I wanted a refund as I had not even stayed there for 2 hours. I was promptly informed that according to the hotel policy, I had only 5 minutes after entering the room to decide whether I wanted to stay or not. When I told the attendant that we simply placed our bags in the room at midnight when we checked in, and went to get something to eat, she told me that the rule still applied. I told her to call the manager because I was not going to pay a thing (mind you they take full payment up front). She called the &quot;manager&quot; who was sleeping and decided not to come out, but told her that nothing could be done till the next day. I later found out that the manager ended up being the homeless looking fellow who was wandering the lobby in shorts and a torn T-Shirt when I was checking in. Needless to say we called a taxi immediately and went to the Holiday Inn Express just a few minutes away near to the Midway Airport. Spend the extra money and stay in a place where you wont get an STD from the sheets! Nothing is worth more while traveling than a clean hotel room and a respectable hotel in which to rest your head.NEVER EVER STAY HERE!!! If you respect yourself and your loved ones, you will not step foot into this cesspool!	
	Decent room good location great price	The hotel is in a great location. It's right in the middle of downtown and just a few blocks from the subway (&quot;L train&quot;). There are a lot of restaurants nearby. I got a free upgrade to a suite because I printed a coupon from the hotel's website just before my stay. The room was large, clean, and had a refrigerator. Aside from the older model TV in the room that didn't have a great picture, I have nothing bad to say. The hotel has free internet access in the lobby (sometimes there's a short wait). Rooms that face the street have a nice view, but you can hear some noise. I would stay here again.	
	Good downtown business hotel	Great location, reasonable conference rates, small but clean &amp; tidy rooms, free wireless at a business hotel! Convenient to Blue Line Jackson station	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Hotel off Mag Mile	Pros - nice block of hotels and buildings kitchenette and buffett breakfast clean and modern hotel can't get closer to mag mile without being on itCons - grocery store is more than a few blocks away if location is your prority, this is not place - try river north about 6 blocks to closest el station - not ok in the winterI like staying at Residence Inns when I'm on vacation for longer than week. No need to eat out every meal because of the kitchnettes, plus there is a pretty good buffet breakfast and free newspapers in the morning. This Residence Inn is located on Walton, a block from the lake and a block from the top of Michigan Ave. For your frist trip to Chicago this is really a great location to stay in but river north is really better to stay at. This close to bloomingdales, macy's, and the designer shops, you can catch the tour bus and go to the chocolate factory. State street, navy pier, the musuems are walk but possible.	
Oct 29 2009 	Still one of the best values in chicago	Heart of Chicago continues to be a great little inexpensive place to rest for a trip to chitown. Just steps to Clark St. to catch a bus or a 10min walk to the EL stop (BrynMar) Which over the years has become a less scary area. I would still hesitate to walk it alone at night but with a group of friends I don't think its an issue. The motel is located just off Clark St. directly between Andersonville and Rogers Park. Andersonville in the 23yrs I've been staying at HOC has become a vibrant diverse mecca of old timer Sweedish and more recently arrived gay and DINKy types. The neighbord is clean well lit and full of things to do and eat. Right at the point where Ashland meets Clark there is a Mexican Bakery that is just awsome. Just south on Clark is Sweedish Bakery and the famous Ann Sather is just a block or so further south on Clark. Inbetween are an array of sushi, mediterranian, latin american and american places to pick from to eat and a wonderful potpouri of shops. The Heart of Chicago staff is for the most part wonderfully friendly and helpful. Don in the evenings and Javed on day shift are always ready to give advise on where or how to get somewhere.. If they don't know they will usually find the answer. There is a relatively recent arrival. A younger lady who needs to work on her customer service skills and demeanor a bit. She comes of curt and gives the impression she really would rather be somewhere else. Hopefully that can be taken care of by management. Not something that some corrective guidance couldn't solve very easily. That said I will continue to come back. I had read other complaints here about inconsistent internet service... There are outdoor routers and 3 bands to get the wirless but connection was spotty at best. This needs to be corrected... I If I had needed to do business work in the romm I would have been very upset..	
Nov 15 2009	loved it	loved it! It was great!@ Rooms were large and had a ball!	
Oct 10 2009 	Attractive price but that's about it	I found this hotel online and contacted them as I wanted a budget hotel in the Gay Area of Chicago known as East Lake View. Several hotels came up in the area, but all of them were between $250 and $450 for a 2 night stay. The Bellwood advised they didn't take reservations and you just had to turn up pn the day, which I did.I took a double room with a private ensuite bathroom for $40 for my first night, and had to take a double room with a shared bathroom for $30 per night on my second night.On check in, they ask for a $2 refundable key deposit and payment for the first night of your stay which is $30 or $40 depending on whether you want a shared or private bathroom or not. i paid the $40 for a private and was given my key. I opened the door to my room and felt instant dismay.It looked like a dilapidated building with wires handing out of the wall, a rusty old sink, a metal bed (although clean sheets and pillows). I looked at my so called &quot;ensuite&quot; and giggled. Tiles were up off the floor, the toilet pan was brown and the shower tray had mould about half an inch thick. It was obvious that it had been cleaned, just not SCRUBBED in a long long time. There was a tv in my room that did work and a sink in the corner, again, brown and stained.I checked the bed before I decided if I was staying or not, it was very clean so I decided to tell myself &quot;what can you expect for $40 per night&quot;. I stayed that night and actually got a very good nights sleep. There was no problem with noise and the room was secure, lockable from the inside.On the second day, I went out early to see the city and came back about midday to pay for my second nights stay as i couldnt be bothered trudging round to try and find alternative accommodation. I was advised by the receptionist that house keeping had packed all my things up and cleared my room as check out time was 11am, and I hadnt paid before then to keep the room. I was advised this on check in, so it WAS actually my fault. I was dreading that things may have gone missing, as all my things had been packed up by housekeeping staff and left in reception for me. After getting back into a different room, I thoroughly checked my belongings and EVERYTHING was there, including my laptop and passport. I was very reassured by this.They could only offer me a $30 room with shared bath for my 2nd night and I took this. The second room was a million times better than the first one. Much cleaner, in a better state of repair and I was actually quite pleased that I had lost my original room. Clean and comfortable bed and the bathroom was across the hall from my room. The bathroom however (clean as it was) was a bit of a disaster. Its small shower cubicles, with tepid water, and i could have probably pee'd faster than the dribble of water that came out of them. The toilets are in the same room, but theyre open plan - as in two toilets in the middle of the floor, with no cubicle, Its kinda embarassing when you have to go, as people can see you sat there!!!! Though, the americans just dont seem to care and get on with their business!! I'd recommend going to the petrol station across the street if you need anything other than a pee!!!!!!!!!!! :))))))Again, I got a good nights sleep in the second room and checked out about 9am on the second morning.All in all, i had a comfortable stay at this hotel, but please please beware, this is at the VERY BOTTOM END of budget accommodation. Its cheap, VERY cheap for Chicago, but at the same time, grim to look at. If all you care about is a bed to sleep in and somewhere to dump your bags, then it's fine, otherwise, i'd probably steer clear.Asked if i'd stay here again, well I would have to be 100% certain that there was nowhere else available before I turned up to stay at this place again. If I was forced to stay here with no other option though, I would. Not for the faint hearted!!The staff in the hotel were friendly enough which was nice, but again, lower thann basic accommodation, may be an idea to ask to see your room and make your mind up before you hand over your money.	
	Just a Fantastic Weekend	Dispite what other are saying, this was one, if not the best Hotel stay in Chicago I have had. I travel to the Big City about three times a year for pleasure and The James rates up with the best. I was upgraded and the staff made the stay worth my special weekend visit. I don't believe you will be disapointed.	
	Classic Elegance with Waterpark Fun	Ok so they don't have microwaves...its true...but they do provide a nice coffee maker with two free packets of Starbucks. I asked if there was anyone else working at the desk when the lady in front of me stepped away leaving her papers and her luggage while she went to get something from somewhere...and guess what they openned another check in line immediately...all of my questions were answered by friendly staff people eager to help. The room was charming...reminded me of the Palmer House or another older hotel with embossed wall covering...the bathroom and walk in closet was a nice size, unusual in a basic 2 double bed room. The water park was clean, a litte small for older kids, but my 6 year old had a blast...they have a hot tub outside if you don't mind racing outdoors to experience nice heat in cold weather - the water park was crowded but the lifeguards were vigilant and I felt happy to sit in a chair and watch from the sidelines as my daughter jumped on the lilly pads and splashed in the 3.5-4 foot pool. There are pretty tropical designs on the walls, a pizza hut in case you get hungry, but the hotel also provides an array of carryout options if you don't feel like paying for the meals at Tradewinds that seemed a little high to me - $11.99 for adult breakfast and $7.99 for a child breakfast. My daughter does not eat $8.00 worth of food for breakfast so we did something else...all in all a pleasant stay in a quaint room with a good waterpark that was close to home and significantly cheaper than Key Lime Cove.	
	There is nowhere else to stay but the Plaza Metro	Cleanliness, oh my! Our room was spotless when we arrived and everyday we would return to the smell of new linens and sanitized bathrooms. Location was perfect, it was near souvenirs and drinks and snacks. The Ambassador suite was beautiful and roomy, two balconies, two bathrooms, wow! Service spectacular, they delivered a three layer red velvet cake to us for our honeymoon. Value....no comparison. We booked this room through Amtrak at a huge discountcabs 24-7 at the front door, late check out, a view to die for, on the bus route to the L and one block from the Greek food. The Plaza was great, it was one of the nicest hotels for cleanliness and service; I've ever stayed at. Thanks to all the staff for making our honeymoon so special. We will see you soon, because we are so coming back.	
	Loved it!	Loved it! One of my favorite hotel's that we have stayed at in Chicago. Great room, great breakfast, great location. Everyone we came in contact with was so pleasant. The lobby was beautiful. The room in nicely updated - and breakfast was delicious. Hopefully we get a chance to stay here in the future and most defiantly will recommend it to our friends.	
Nov 27 2008 	What a bad experience !!!	I will never forget this filthy place !I selected this place as I read terrible reviews about other hotels in the area. But this one was nothing different.The building and the whole facility was quite old. My room smelled horrible. It was something like clorox ar maybe some deodorants. It gave me really a hard time. In the middle of the night I called the front desk and asked for another room. I was told that it is not the room which has the problem, it is me which is the problem and the guy asked me if i am not comfortable with my room i can leave the hotel !!! OMG !!!!!!!!!!! It was midnight and i didn't have any car or access to internet. otherwise I would have left that filthy place immediately. The bed sheets all had stains on them. I had to throw them all away and tuck myself in my own spare sheet. The towels all had stains or long hairs !!! I am used to staying in low cost motels, but this one was really unacceptable. Positive thing about the place : the shuttle to ORD was helpful and other people in the front desk were at least polite . Worse than all, I really felt offended by the the rude night shift receptionist !!!If u don't want to become crazy from a filthy place just stay away from this disgusting place. I am really sorry for the manager and I am planning to write to Better Business bureau.	
	a much needed relaxing stay!	Good hotel service starts at check-in and the front desk agents at the Red Roof are always so friendly! They made sure we had the things we needed for the night and greeted us everytime we walked past the desk. Our room was cozy and very clean. The comlimentary coffee in our room was perfect in the morning. I'll definitely stay there again soon.	
	WOW!!	Great hotel! Stayed there with my wife for one night, got a great deal from the hotel. Amazing location, great staff. The bed was amazing and the pool and gym was also stacked with many machines and a great view while working out. The hotel staff is very very helpful, my wife forgot a pair of jeans and the mailed them back to us for free. I've never seen so much of an effort from any staff.Can't wait to stay again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Didn't want to check out...	Perfectly situated, reasonably priced and more comfortable than your own apartment?!? What a gem. I will be back!	
	Terrible don't stay here. There are much better hotels in Chicago.	This hotel is overpriced and lacks amenities found in the simplest motel in any area. No glass in the bathroom, bed so small no two people could ever sleep comfortably in it, no coffee pot, incompetent clerks at check-in following a long wait in line, outrageous parking fees, walls so thin every outside noise is heard. There is only one place nearby for breakfast other than the pricey buffet at the hotel.	
Nov 9 2009 	Elegant and Sophisticated	Very nice hotel, everything was nice and the staff was very helpful. My only complaint was how exceedingly small my single room was. It worked fine, but there truly was very little room within the room. Oh, and perhaps that is the reason the bed seemed short even for my 5'-4&quot; height?!?	
Oct 22 2009 	Would not recommend	I would not recommend the Habitat Suites for many reasons, but the first and foremost is that their service is terrible. I did not get internet until the second day of my stay and then it went out again because the phone went dead. Promises were not kept and voice mails were not returned. The bed was extremely soft and the springs were dead. Even though I was on a higher floor, I could clearly hear street noise at all hours (especially sirens). A light bulb was out in the bathroom and a burner on the stove was out. The room had a pretty good view from four large windows which had shades, but needed curtains to block out light at night. The televion remote worked about 10% of the time, so surfing was out of the question. At least the room was clean and I had a fully stocked kitchen.	
Nov 24 2009 	Really great hotel in a super location	Our family just returned from a three night stay at the Omni. The Omni is a really nice suite-style hotel. The suite was very clean and simply decorated. Having the two rooms with actual doors that closed between the rooms was very handy. We never felt on top of one another. We went to the hotel restaurant, 676, which was great. All of the staff---front desk, bell staff, concierge, housekeeping just couldn't have been friendlier. Honestly, that was probably the nicest part of the hotel. I voted the value down a little bit, because the cost of valet parking was so high at $49/night. It's been a couple of years since we were in Chicago...but $49 seems pretty high. One thing that I would vote to change if anyone asked...add another kid-friendly channel (Disney Channel or Cartoon Disney) to the cable TV line-up. Sometimes Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon aren't very appealing to the younger kids. We love Chicago and the kids are already asking when we can go back. So much to do...so little time!	
Jul 28 2009 	Great hotel in a great area!	My husband and I just returned from the Majestic Hotel, and we could not have had a better experience. Like most who stay here, we chose the hotel because of its proximity to Wrigley Field. Upon arrival, we found that most of the restaurants we wanted to visit were in the vacinity as well! Lucky's, featured on Man vs Food on the Travel Channel, was amazing!! We went there twice for an awesome yet cheap meal. Yes, the rooms are small, but so what? They are immaculately clean, and the beds are ridiculously comfortable. What more do you need? Mona, at the front desk, was very helpful with everything, as was everyone else we came in contact with during our stay. The common room was wonderfully decorated and a nice continental breakfast was served in the morning. Cookies were served in the afternoon, and coffee was served all day (which was wonderful). I found that my favorite thing about the hotel was the location. We were literally a half block from Lake Michigan. There is an awesome park next to the lake, and we actually joined the locals and went for a few runs in the mornings. It was great. It was never noisy, and every street around us was completely lined with beautiful trees. I miss it now.We will definitely be returning to the Majestic Hotel.	
	Great atmosphere -- lovely friendly and comfortable	Location -- wonderful for walking, shopping, dining and going outService -- extremely warm, friendly &amp; helpfulAtmosphere -- historic, elegant, uniqueRoom -- modern, comfortable, spotlessly clean	
	Overall good although tiny room	We usually stay at the Monaco down the street, but we couldn't get a room for Saturday night. So, I booked a great deal with the Burnham. The room was cute, although really small (and we have a NYC apartment, so that's saying something). It was fine for the night, although it wouldn't have suited us and our dog for more than one day. Other than that, everything was fine. The service was good, very helpful and accomodating.	
	Trying too hard and forgets the basics	TheWit is trying to be a trendy, hip hotel, but has forgotten the basics that guests are looking for--comfort &amp; service. The rooms are uncomfortable--small, odd furniture, the bathroom sink is strangely shaped and so tiny that it fails to drain water. The bathroom door slides open, which was annoying and leaves for very little privacy. The service is spotty. We had requested items from housekeeping and had to call multiple times. In the interim, we received a rubix cube and jelly apple--fun touches, but would much rather have received the towels that were needed. I can't imagine staying at this hotel on a business trip. The internet is not free and overall the hotel room is hard to function in, given the size and odd design of the bathroom. The hotel gym and rooftop bar were top notch, but not a reason to stay at the hotel or recommend it. Go elsewhere for a more polished and relaxing stay.	
	Class at a reasonable price	Arrived at this hotel on a cold sunday afternoon and I was greeted by very friendly staff, and free steaming hot chocolate and marshmellows. A great way to warm up the rooms were functional, clean and comfortable. Had a great view, when I return to Chicago I would not hestate to stay here again. The staff were incredibly attentive and polite, business centre free internet access was a big plus.	
Sep 13 2009 	Near Chicago hot spots	I stayed at Oakwood for 6 months on business in Chicago and one could not ask for a better place. The staff was gracious and helpful. The room was bigger than my apt in Scottsdale. The views were spectacular. They had a great pool and workout room on the 25th floor. I had maid service wkly and they weren't quite bright because they kept using a vacuum that didn't work. They let me bring my two cats with me which is an incredible advantage. It was within walking distance to Michigan Ave, the El and some fantastic restaurants and bars.	
Nov 7 2009 	Incredibly spacious rooms with kitchen fantastic downtown location - what's with lousy customer service!?	I was beyond impressed by how huge the suites were - our 2-twin-bed room had a suite with 2 sofas and tv, a dinner table, and a full-blown kitchen! I've stayed in Chicago in many hotels, and none of them offered anything like it, especially in this prime spot! On the downside, parking is a robbery in broad daylight, and customer service is non-existent. I'd forgotten my glasses on the bedside table, and called the desk several times to ask if they found them. No response. I ended up stopping by the hotel on the next trip to Chicago a week later, and spent an excruciating half-hour with an arrogant concierge who could not care less about anything. Only after the next shift arrived did the new concierge pop into the next room, which was lost-and-found, and sure enough, there they were, with the room number and date of my stay. Despite prime location and dirt-cheap pricing ($99 a night, on Travelzoo special), I don't plan to return.	
Oct 22 2009 	A great stay	I don't understand some of the negatives in others' reviews. We found our room to be just right. We did not spend much time in it as we caught the shuttle to Midway and from there got on the mass transit train to go downtown. This is not hard to do, although one has to walk through the airport to the opposite side (East?) to get on the trains. We did this trip to Chicago without a vehicle, purchasing our passes from a kiosk at the airport. They are then good to ride any bus or train. My favorite part of the hotel was the bed! It was THE most comfortable bed I have ever slept on - anywhere! The linens are all completely washable, and you get the impression that they have just been laundered before you use them. We had a microwave and a refrigerator and that met our needs quite well. For our family of four the suite was a little small when we had the rollaway out and the sofa bed opened, but again, this was only when it was time to sleep. We found the staff to be quite helpful and enthusiastic, and the cookies in the evenings were wonderful; just get there early!	
	Location was right.	The hotel is a solid average. Nothing seriously wrong. The accomodations were comfortable and better than adequate. The hotel was clean although the smoking rooms were smelly. (We were booked in a smoking room by mistake and asked to be moved to a nonsmoking room). No pool, but there is a cute jacuzzi area which was nice after a day of walking around the city. The exercise room consists of a small area with three pieces of equipment. The staff here was outstanding. EVERYONE always had a smile on and they seemed genuinely eager to great the guests. The front desk was very helpful and accomodating and eager to help with any problems or needs. It would be an average adequate place except for the location which, for us, was everything. The hotel is a short walk from N Halsted which is the center of Boystown and all of its nightlife. We stayed over halloween and it was only a short walk to the parade. We hit some of the nightclubs too and it was nice not to have to drive or take the train to get back. We will definitely stay here again simply for the location and service.	
Oct 2 2009 	easy to get to from ORD but hard to return from the city after partying at night	The shuttle was prompt at picking us up, waiting about 25 minutes at the airport. It was a breeze to check-in, and we were put on the 6th floor. The room was comfortable, being only my second stay at a 4 Points. The funny thing about the room was the addition of the sliding glass 'balcony' door in front of the other. It worked just well enough to stand out there and smoke when you close the inside door. The place was hosting a number of wedding/receptions so we could only get a King room on the SPG floor. The shuttle is convenient for getting back to ORD to catch the blue line, but a pain in the middle of the night.Likes: It was $89, free internet, comfortable bed, nice sized roomDislikes: Inconvenient for going into the city, a LONG walk to find foodOverall: If you have business around the airport, this can be a decently priced hotel with just the right amount of amenities.	
May 1 2003	You get what you pay	I got Delaware Towers from the web. While there was nothing in the description that was wrong, it was a bit misleading. The studios are depressing because they are small, dark, and seedy though clean. There was no outlet I could use for my laptop in the studio either. The one bedroom is much better in every respect but it is still not a place I'd want to spend much time. I wanted a kitchen so that I would have the option of cooking some meals instead of dining out, but the coffee maker had a corroded cord that was an electrical fire waiting to happen. The location is great but the one elevator can take a very long time. You get what you pay for here. It's cheap but not a bargain.	
	Room and service was horrible	When we arrived at the hotel we were properly greeted and taken up to our rooms. When we got into our room the furniture inside was stained and really beat up. The worst part of the room was the bathroom door. The bathroom was fitted with a sliding door that did not go into the wall but alongside it. The door had no lock and left about a 2-3 inch gap where if you walked by it you could see someone on the toilet. The concierge was not helpful on suggestions of restraunts or nightlife. The concierge told us that we were better off staying in our rooms since there was &quot;nothing to do in chicago after 10 pm&quot;. Our last night we ordered a movie and the quality of the movie was horrid (movie was pixelating and blurry) so we called down and I had to argue with the person at the front desk to have them credit us the money back for the movie after we had stopped it less than 5 minutes in. This is not a full service hotel we had to pay about 10 bucks for anything and everything. We had to pay about 12 dollars to have them bring us up extra glasses since the old ones were dirty and the maid did not switch them out. The only redeeming thing about my trip was the fun I had with my friends not the hotel.	
	The Knickerbocker is a great experience.	From the time we arrived until we left, the Knickerbocker was a great experience. The staff was courteous, and the service was outstanding. The rooms were bright and clean and the food and service in the restaurant was superb.	
Nov 15 2009 	Exactly what we were looking for	We ended up at Hotel 71 after a Hotels .com search for downtown Chicago hotels close to the magnificent mile.The price was right and were were surprised with an unexpected upgrade to an Executive Deluxe. The newly renovated room was lovely, the view spectacular, and the ease of walking around to where we wanted to go was exactly what we were hoping for and more. Michael and Kareem were wonderfully welcoming and the only thing I would change is to forego the valet parking and just park the car for the weekend. We never drove anywhere!Walked the mile and then over a few blocks to Fado's Irish Pub.. authentically fun atmosphere, cold beer and excellent appetizers while we watched the football games.That night we walked- literally- one block over the bridge to eat dinner at Smith and Wollensky . We had a river view window table, excellent service and the best Steak Oscar I have ever tasted.We'll definitely be back to Hotel 71	
Oct 21 2009 	Nightmare hotel stay!	The hotel was nothing like their web site claimed- they said spa- and three stars- I would not give it one star- my room was filthy with a broken bed with flithy sheets- - had to wait hours for a new one and the ac did not work- none of the promised items were there- pool had been closed for months- no business office- called my business associate who called and reported them- said it should be closed for health reasons-had to sleep elsewhere- no refund- - they claimed in their web it was newly decorated- but it was a mess and old- others staying there were very upset they also thought it would be nice- but was NOT- the last nite I did get a kind employee who found me a better room- actually had working ac! I was told by one employee new owners - staff is tryin	
Nov 4 2009 	Convenient reasonable Chicago Downtown Hotel	In great location on Ontario Street, a block off Michigan. 4 blocks from the El. Good price including breakfast. Great staff that goes out of their way to help including printing out directions to places you want to go. Free internet in all rooms and computer to use for free in the lobby with a printer so you can print your boarding pass. No restaurant or food pantry for snacks, but a number of restaurants of all caliber nearby. Most of the places we went to in Chicago, Drake hotel for drinks, Chicago cultural center, Millenium park, we could walk to.	
	This is a remarkable place.	We drove to chicago, but we wanted to park and use the metro. I chose this hotel because it has free parking and claimed to be close to public transportation. Well, let me tell you the claim is true!!. It is an easy walk to a blue line train stop with a direct line to the loop and downtown. The walk is probably less than 1500 feet to get to the trains, and you can clearly see the hotel while standing on the platform waiting for the train. However, the secret to this place is the view. If you can request a room on an upper floor facing to the east you will be surprised to have a gorgeous view of the downtown Chicago skyline. I was able to sit up in bed and have my coffee looking at the sun bouncing off the Sears tower every morning. Amazing. I was surprised that they dont adverise the view from these rooms, but then again, only the upper level rooms on the east side would have the view. Even without the view, however, this place was great and we will return again. Photos of the view to be posted soon.	
Jul 22 2009 	decent inexpensive hotel	After staying at terrible Godwin hotel selected by myself, I was referred to this by Incredible India staff, who were very helpful and went out of the way to help us.This hotel is ok, not great, but something decent for those on budget. Location is in the shopping areas, althought most of Delhi is like a shopping area...	
	Nice and good hotel	I often go to Delhi like every month for my business and will stayed in many differant hotels in Delhi, but this time I booked hotel sunrise. Hotel people provide me best service and made me permanent customer and definatly I will stay this hotel. Because they fullfil all my requirements and very conveniat place for my office work. Thank you very much.	
Nov 16 2009	FEEL JUST LIKE HOME	amarya garden,located in posh area is the best hotel where u can relax just like your own home.it has beautiful interiors,absolutely clean and furnished rooms and provides basic facilities like internet access,laundry,television,centrally air conditioned.it provides 24 hour room service with facilities like doctor on call,travel desk,conference,electronic safe lockers and not only this airport pick up and drop,taxi service,well mannered staff-best that i have ever met,always looking forward to welcome its guests with qualityservice.its the hotel which offers comfortable accomodation at a reasonable price	
Oct 14 2007	There has to be a better place....	We had a choice of this hotel or Yorks Hotel. Sorry to say our group was booked in this place. Upon check we only needed 5 rooms, the hotel was not confirmed with a credit card and the front desk had a fit and we had to take the 6th room. After a grueling 1 hour they agreed to give the single rate for the person in the room. The staff took up most of our groups baggage and very clearly stated they wanted a bigger tip then what the individuals gave. We had 4 rooms with inoperable showers/tubs. The water backed up the drain under the sink and flooded the bathrooms. There was only 1 room that they would change and changed again and again and still flooded. The hotel was not very helpful with problems. The beds were comfortable and clean.There is not lift/elevator so be prepared to walk up 4 flights of steps to the second floor.There was a roof lounge and we did use it well into the night.The hotel wanted payment the same day we checked in. They then insisted we pool our money for all the rooms and pay at one time since they had no change to give us they said.We tried to change money at the front desk and they refused.Even the bank next door refused to change money. Thank heaven for Thomas Cook across the street.The worst part was their so called security guard. We were kept getting a bad feeling about him. One of the single room (lady) returned to her room to freshen up and he followed her into her corner room. She stopped him dead in his tracks and went face to face with him asking what the bleep he wanted. Complaining to the front desk was worthless. They just said he is security.I would not stay here again since there were many choices in the area. The area was nice for shopping. The hotel did have internet for 60INR (30 minutes). The straw that broke the camels back was at breakfast. The ladies ate early for 150INR however when the gentleman came down to eat (the same breakfast exactly) their bill was 91INR.We noted this to the front desk and they said he ordered less items. Not true. Thank goodness it was only 1 night. We would have relocated if it was more.	
May 14 2009 	i'd give this a miss	I stayed at this place for a couple of nights and it was not the best experience i had.the rooms are ok, and the bathrooms are small.It's supposed to be a botuiqe hotel, but it fails to live up to any expectations. it is located bang in the heart of a business district, so that is some saving grace. If getting a good night's sleep is ALL that you are looking for, you may consider this place. However, for the price u pay, there are many, faaaaarrrr better places on offer. I'd give it a miss.PS: Dont even bother with the food. just step out and into one of the MANY restraunts that are a hop skip and jump away.	
	good value for money	i was at Clark heights to meet my girl friend came from Dubai. First i was very hazy about where she is staying. after reaching there we have found that safe and nice pl;ace. in the main city off course nosiy like Delhi. Under one roof all the services available for the travelers. From Pick Up to Drop.I would recommend to every one	
	Loved the service	I reached in the hotel and stayed there for 3 nights and stay was good and received best service.	
Nov 21 2009 	Who gave this hotel a 5 star rating???	In a nutshell, very disappointing. At a push, I'd rate this hotel 4 stars with it's only saving grace being the very good Chutney restaurant that's part of the complex. Apart from one particular doorman, the staff were incredibly unfriendly and not overly helpful. Our room had a damp, musty smell about it, the bathroom was grimy and moldy and all the complimentary bathroom products had clearly been re-used that many times that the shampoo bottle's label had all but worn off. The hotel's 24hr cafe was also very average...ordered food did not come out as requested with no apologies and and for a 5 star hotel, I'd expect the bar to serve gin. This hotel needs a serious overhaul...not just the facilities but also the staff....some customer service training wouldn't go astray. In the meantime, can somebody please downgrade this hotel to a 4 star hotel as it's an embarrassment to every other 5 star hotel we've ever stayed at.PS. as already mentioned, the Chutney restaurant is excellent...great food and service and very accommodating regarding dietary requirements. My suggestion would be, stay at another hotel but got to Chutney for dinner.	
Nov 20 2009 	great service	Picked me up at the airport as stated very nice. Arranged taxis to show me around city. Excellent room service. Incredibly helpful staff. Complimentary breakfast and internet use. Felt very safe and enjoyed my stay	
	economical rooms 	The property was very convenient and my stay was smooth. Room was clean and service was perfect. I didn't take any meal but morning breakfast was hygienic and tasteful. Thought i took the dinner &amp; it was great . Location was also decent one. I will definitely visit this hotel whenever I planned to come back here again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Live upto the expectations	I stayed there in Jan'08 for a about 3 days after my marriage and before my Honeymoon in Goa. The stay was very comfortable and most amazing part was where Hotel allowed my uncle to dress entire room with flowers (something which management was little reluctant earlier).Room was clean and room service prompt. The size of room was quite good and bathroom was very clean and spacious too.	
Oct 22 2009 	Poor  run down	A very rundown hotelOnly basic amenitiesRestaurant was very basic as wellCleanliness - passable	
	ok clean and friendly staff	Although the sorrounding is a bit low standard and the hotel from outside could be more friendly we found the rooms very clean and comfortabel. The staff was friendly. We had problems to find the place as the location on google maps was wrong, but that should be corrected in the meantime. Reception guys were very helpful. Room 303 is sometimes very loud as the Kitchen of the rooftop restaurant is right above it, otherwise the area was quiet during nighttime.All in all pretty good hotel for that price.	
Nov 3 2009 	I thought the Prince Polonia was an excellent hotel for the money	I stayed at the hotel on two ends of a trip to Nepal and India in August to early September. I found the staff to be most accomodating and helpful. Ok, some were obviously looking for tips but were in no way pushy about it. I was surprised at how good the breakfast was and I was even offered to have it delivered to my room. I found the room clean and comfortable and, as a single woman traveler, felt very safe there. I have stayed at various grades of hotels all over Delhi and plan to stay there on my next trip. Its location off the main street meant it wasn't as noisy as some. And I had a room right on the street.	
	Grand hotel indeed!	*Grand Godwin is a fantastic hotel, such great value for money.*Our first night was in a Super delux, as our room was not ready. It had a hairdryer and fridge and was slightly bigger than the delux we had for the rest of our stay. It also had a blocked off window so it was really quiet. The delux was road side and a lot noisier.*The beds were fairly comfortable and the rooms were very clean.*The restaurant is 24 hr and the food is great. Good breakfast too.*Godwin in central location between old Delhi and Connaught place so easy to get around.*One of my favorite hotel's on my India trip.	
Aug 20 2009 	no complaints basic and clean	this hotel was just fine, no problems, room was clean&amp; bright, staff were courteous. in hindsight, maybe a little expensive but it's a good idea to have somewhere like this booked before arriving in delhi	
	busy with hotelling	Luxury rooms, finest interiors, plush furnitures and great ambience. Really this is where you find the true luxury. Warm rooms and quality of service at your disposal. Blended with the finest quality food to make the stay memorable.	
Nov 25 2009	Lovely Place	The hotel is amazing n i m impressed by d management of staff..Food quality is too good..the hotel is well built n neat &amp; clean place to hang out and for function purposes also	
Nov 17 2009 	Good value for money	First impression wasn't good, as the ac, tv , gyser and bathroom lights of the room i was given wasn't working. however when i complained about that, the staff at the front desk acknowledged it, and told me that they were aware of it and offered another room to me as soon as one was available. However they fixed it within an hour. Apart from that there was no problem. we booked taxis and delhi sight seeing through the hotel's tarvel desk which was fantastic. The room was very spacious and clean, and was made every day by the house keeping staffs. Very friendly staff, who would always be there to attend to your needs. Very handy location. Would love to stay there again.	
Nov 14 2009 	Spacious clean and good service	Stayed at this hotel while on holiday in Delhi. Female traveller alone. This hotel was away from the centre of Delhi so make time to travel in and out. Rooms are spacious, modern. Service was prompt and the food was good.Pool area is a bit run down and not very well attended. As a single lady the attention at breakfast was a bit too much - lots of staring and people coming out of the kitchen to look too. Another downside was the lack of hot water in the afternoons; had to wait until 6pm each day. I all a good hotel where single females will feel okay.	
	Delightful period hotel with scope for improvement	If, as seems inevitable, you're landed with paying extortionate prices for Delhi hotel rooms, you may as well go for the period charms of the Ambassador. Lovely ambience and location. Solicitous staff. Bedrooms furnished in a tastefully understated manner. Here are some suggestions for improvements: 1. Beds are a bit military in their springing. Something a little bit more luxurious would be appreciated. And pillows with a natural filling really should be the default in a hotel of this standard.2. When every bedroom overlooking the centre court enjoys the luxury of a balcony, why not make more of it? Put a couple of chairs out on them, perhaps?3. The public areas are not used as well as they could be. The 'Yellow Brick Road' really doesn't make the grade as a coffee shop in a hotel of this status. With its hard chairs, lighting and surfaces, it enjoys all the ambience of a works canteen. Escape from its noise into the softer surroundings of the bar and you're assailed by a Philippino karaoke duo. Please, a little bit of quiet. And the only smart restaurant in the hotel is Chinese. Am I missing something here? Why do I want to eat Chinese food in India?	
Nov 10 2009 	Old and tired won't be staying there again!	We arrived and checked in at the hotel late after a delicious meal at Bukhara. Our first impression of the hotel upon arrival was it was dark (poorly lit) and looked old. Nonetheless, the check-in staff were efficient and friendly. When we told them that we won't make the breakfast room's opening hours, as we were planning to be on the road to Agra at first light, they kindly offered to pack us some breakfast for the road, which was generously portioned.However, we found the rooms damp, old and tired, and not particularly clean either. It is definitely not the usual standards expected from previous stays in Intercontinental hotels worldwide. We booked a non-smoking room / floor, but our room stank of stale smoke, probably entered the room through the air vents.Thankfully, we were out of there first thing in the morning. We're fairly certain we will never return to this hotel again.	
Nov 4 2009 	Not as bad as I expected	If you compare this hotel to American standards, then yes I guess I would say this isn't the best place to stay for the money. But in comparison to India standards it wasn't all that bad. Maybe I just lucked out. The location was perfect in relation to the airport (domestic and international terminals). My bathroom was clean so was my bedding, the staff was responsive. I did order room service which wasn't to good, the menu was strictly vegetarian and over priced. I got much better quality and tasting food from the Shangra Lai hotel in Delhi for a little bit more money. Would I stay here again for a night...yes. I probably wouldn't for more than one night though.	
	If it is not Ajanta it's got to be Delhi City Centre	I was in Hotel Ajanta the sister concern of this hotel for 3 days on work. I checked out, made a trip to Agra and returned to this hotel. Very nice and comfortable rooms, excellent service and a great location	
Jun 19 2009 	Fantastic hotel	this is one of the greatest hotels we once ever lived from the whole world. especially Mr. Satyawan, an excellent manager who support and help us a lot during our first Indian trip.	
Sep 21 2009 	Not as great as the pictures....	the staff were good, expect the driver (night) failed to turn up to pick up from the airport. So do have the full address as the cab driver from the airport could not find the place for ages. Rooms are spacious but dated. The Hi Fi internet did not work- i changed hotels because of that plus the lift was not working. In addition to that u dont get much choice for breakfast and had to stay mainly in the room. The hotel has a day driver - quick and street smart- that helped. Near the tube/ metro. Draby place with no frills but reflects the price, you should not pay more than 1200 to 1500 rupees including all taxes as abt 500 more takes u into a different class in the same vicinity.Suggest you book for a day and than extend your stay if you like the place.	
Nov 25 2009	Amazing!	what can i say... drive through the area it is situated in and you are thinking the worst.. but turn the corner and the Avalon comes out of nowhere! Fantastically designed hotel with great rooms and good food! Gym and pool is always a nice addition which the avalon certainly does not lack. Only one quarm i can think of and that was the shower door not fitting properly leading to a large puddle of water on the bathroom floor. Apart from that... Amazing.	
Oct 5 2009 	Not bad	The best thing about hotel Singh Sahib is its location very near to the Karol Bagh main market and metro station. This was my only criteria to book this hotel.Apart from location, this place has nothing much to offer. The staff was untrained and sounded a bit fishy. The rooms were small and bathroom even smaller. Its located in a semi-residential area and initially I had problems in locating the place. This place is only recommended for individual stay for 1-2 days in Delhi.	
Nov 3 2009 	Don't Do It	After having been impressed at all other Shangri-La's, this hotel really let us down. The worst part of our stay was the check-out process. We booked the IHGF rate in advance that is arranged through the EPCH who organize this fair. They confirmed in writing it was $6500 + $1300 tax per night. Upon checkout the tax had gone up to $1700. Over several nights this adds up. Their first explanation was that the tax rate had changed during our stay. The story then quickly changed to the fact that we had actually been upgraded without knowing and that the tax on the upgraded room was different. They refused to credit us the difference. We were also charged for several mini bar items that we did not consume and items that were consumed had different pricing than shown in the room. When we questioned this they just shrugged their shoulders. We refused to sign the credit card slip until it had been adjusted. We waited 45 minutes for a manager to arrive, but had to leave or we were going to miss our flight. We received our visa statement today and they put through the whole amount without a signature. I would think perhaps this was an isolated mistake, but at the same time there were two other couples disputing the room charges that had been put through. All three of us had the emails confirming the rates, but they couldn't even be bothered to look at them. Other beefs - The rooms are definitely not Shangri-La level. I think this is due to the fact that it was taken over by them in the recent past. They wanted to charge us a full nights rate for checking in 2 hours before their allowed 8am check-in although they repeatedly told us that there were many rooms available. They eventually gave in to half, but it required much debate. This is not how you should be treating customers that will inevitably be spending much more on wine and food then the rooms themselves. You can see from our many other reviews that we are generally quite satisfied by most hotels, but this one was honestly a rash.	
	Service was Crap!!	My spouse and I arrived at the Hotel Legend around 9pm after a long flight. Our bags had not arrived, so we were tired and all we could thing of was a hot shower and food. Upon arrival at the hotel we received a very cold welcome at the reception. We were told if we want food to call the kitchen, however upon calling to place an order we were told they didnt have any food. The staff ordered food for us from outside and charged us 3 times the price. When it came time for a shower, one EACH night we had to request the staff to turn on the hot water so we could have a hot shower. We also had to tell the staff to turn on the AC in our room (very frustrating!). Our bed sheets had to be changed twice because they were blood stained and it seemed like the sheets were never changed from the previous occupants.Yuck!! I know this is a budget hotel, but these simple services should at least be mandatory in a hotel thats boasts about 24hr hot water/AC and a simple smile would go a long way.	
Nov 12 2009 	Horrible	Just stayed for one night. Looks very run down from the outside...a lot different from the online photos.The greeting room/ entrance is fairly nice. Dont be lulled into a false sense of security though. The rooms are dirty and beds uncomfortable. Bathrooms old and dirty with no hot water (even when asked specifically if we wanted hot water we did not get any).Staff unhelful and annoyingly pestering for tips despite not even helping.Didnt eat breakfast there...didnt dare.	
	Perfect place in Delhi	Really nice place - close to the metro station, helpful staff, clean and tasteful rooms. We felt really lucky to have found this place.	
Aug 12 2009 	Hardly luxury but not that bad	We stayed at the Broadway on two separate occasions as part of a recent tour to India. We had two different rooms - one at the back looking towards the mosque and another on Asif Ali road side. This is a reasonably budget hotel located on the edge of Old Delhi. The rooms we stayed in were of an acceptable standard -not exactly luxurious but you get what you pay for. The air-con worked (which in July was essential). The bathroom was clean. We had a friend who stayed in a single room which did not have a window - which would have been a bit depressing. So watch out for that.I would agree with other reviewers that the hotel is noisy. If you're at the back you get the call to prayer from 2 mosques. At the front there is the incessant beeping of Delhi traffic. The best thing about the hotel was the restaurant - which has won awards for kashmiri food recently. The bar upstairs was pretty grim though - no window and therefore smelled stale.	
Mar 20 2009 	Not worth the money spend	External appearance is great. The employees dress like professionals. But it is only in their dress and salutations! All employees accept great tips. But service is really poor. I stayed in one room. There was heavy construction noise very nearby. Also there was block in bathroom sewage. Reported the trouble. They changed me to another room. Room was clean. But again not so good bath room and toilet (for the amount they charge). In the bathroom ventilator of this new room there was bird's nest and the birds were making noises. Looking out of the 4th floor room window, the view is in to the yard of a small house. You can enjoy everything happening in that house. Internet connectivity from your room: They charge you almost 15% of your room rent for internet connection for a full day and the connection is very poor. You cannot do any serious work with their connection. I stayed only for two days even though I was in Delhi for more than five days. The third day early in the morning itself I moved to another better hotel.	
Feb 22 2009 	ok if you just need a place to sleep	rooms were clean.not a great area of town (far from the center).rooms are clean and beds are ok.breakfast is a disgrace and service rivals that.acceptable if you just need a clean place to sleep.	
Oct 11 2009 	Very Average	Service and room OK but:Very much noise - rooms are not isolated from internal noise - staff begin work at 5am, opening and closing doors, taking linen from nearby cabinets, talking, dragging chairs and tables etc. - all with much noise. Nearby room had its bathroom just behind our heads - heard every opening of water, shower etc. Very annoying. Complaints did not help.Hotel breakfast at nearby restaurantvery very poor - even didn't have eggs...	
Oct 9 2009 	Poor service and overpriced	We booked a &quot;day room&quot; at the Uppal Orchid in order to have somewhere relaxing to crash near the Delhi airport before a 4 a.m. flight for the U..S. Though Uppal reservations had told our Indian travel agent at booking that we could stay in our room until we needed to leave for our flight around 2 a.m., once we checked in about 9 p.m., they reneged. Instead, we were forced to check out at midnight and sit in the lobby until our airport transportation arrived, which was not a lot of fun.In addition, we found Uppal's restaurant Bonito's to be overpriced and mediocore. Cannot recommend.	
Jun 15 2009 	Service was atrocious; creepy place for women to stay	My friend and I stayed here as part of a Gecko's tour. Our room was cleaner than the Hotel Perfect (see my other review) but what really was astonishingly bad was the service. The staff were intent on a) getting tips from us and b) entering our room for various &quot;reasons&quot;. At one point one of the staff knocked on our door to tell us they had beer for sale (!). Each time we opened the door they tried to get into the room and I had to stand directly at the door to prevent this. When we arrived we offered the porter the standard tip for each bag that he carried to the room but he tried to tell us that it wasn't enough and even went so far as to take a 10 rupee note out of my hand without my permission! They scowled at any tip we offered for service and when we were in the cab just about to leave for the airport out of the blue they raised the cost of the taxi by 50 rupees! Stay in a nicer place, you deserve it!	
Oct 19 2009 	Incredible hotel incredible service incredible food	If you are looking for a smaller hotel with amazing customer service and mouthwatering food...The Manor is your place. The staff at the hotel were very attentive and catered to each and every one of our needs. We dined at 'Indian accent' which was one of the best dining experiences of my life. The food was out of this world...so innovative...I would say it is 'Indian food like its never been eaten before'...There is a large area outside the restaurant where you can sit and enjoy good food and fine wine or just unwind with friends. Soft music plays and gentle lighting creating a very relaxing ambience. The rooms were spacy and clean and service was incredible. I would definitely recommend this to others who visit the city. I have stayed at the Sheraton, Taj and Oberoi...and interestingly, I have found that my experience at 'The Manor' was by far the best.	
May 25 2009	Not as bad as it sounds	I stayed at the Rockland Inn for 2 nights in 2006. Seeing the reviews of some people though really surprise me, it wasn't THAT bad. I mean, in Indian standards, it was a decent hotel. Not the cleanest, there was a bathtub, but hot water doesnt last long. I stayed in an executive suite, and I mean for the money, it was a pretty bad deal, but overall I didn't see any bugs or dirt and it was pretty clean. The noise btw didnt bother me too much, i dont think i noticed it until some of you mentioned. I recommend the restaurant beside the hotel to the right? Sorry lol i forgot the name. Also girls, i wouldnt recommend walking alone.	
	Great escape from old delhi	Very good service, big clean rooms, food ok, free breakfast. The only downside is the price but Delhi is expensive anyway.	
Nov 12 2009 	clean comfortable room hotel manager helpful	we stayed here for 2 nights at a price of INR2800 per room per night inclusive of breakfast and all taxes, we later found out that the local travel agencies could have got us a a better deal at INR2000 per room per night inc of taxes and breakfast.the room was clean, air con was very noisy int the room. seemed secure enough, near shops and markets.hotel manager was very helpful and looked after me and my friend as it was diwali, they advised us not to go out alone as we were likely to hit by fire crackers.food was good and prices were cheap in comparison to other places.however on check out, they tried to charge us an extra INR 2800, saying that charges were not included and even tried to charge us extra for breakfast, it wasnt until we called the the hotel manager and said that he had been deceitful that they reduced it back to INR 5600 inclusive of all taxes and breakfast.would recommend a stay here but please ensure that you have it written down by the hotel exactly what the tariff includes or better still get it a lot cheaper via a local travel agency!	
Nov 9 2009 	Watch out for the extra costs!	This hotel has lovely clean sheets and a lift and a fridge in the room. However everything else was a bit of a let down . Watch out for the extra costs. The room charge was for bed and breakfast , but when checking out the manager was going to charge for breakfast. When using email I was asked to write my name &amp; sign the form, nothing was written on the form and I used the email for about half an hour, when finished the charge was for 2 hours because my start time had been written wrongly on the form. Watch the menu prices as the charge is not always what the menu says some of our meals were charged at twice the amount than was written on the menu (check, check, check everything). The restaraunt was awful as was the food. I wouldn't recommend this hotel because we had to keep checking all the costs and continued to find prices were always wrong.	
Nov 22 2009 	A Very Smart 5 Star Hotel	This hotel, connected to 4 or 5 different shopping malls, is first class in all aspects. The suites are excellent; clean, tidy and well maintained. Exellent breakfast in nice dining room. A very enjoyable place to stay and rooms a good size. Nice to have kitchenette &amp; dining room separate from the bedroom.	
	Dirty cockroach infested room and terrible front desk service	After spending much time selecting this hotel for our trip to Delhi, I would strongly advise anybody not to stay here. Our room was dirty, filled with coakroaches (woke up with one on my pillow), the front desk service was terrible, we were made to feel awful because we didn't book our driver through Rajasthan through Ranauk's travel desk and wouldn't let it go, it took forever to get simple things like clean towels, had not hot water and almost missed our train to Delhi because the man at the front desk forgot to provide us with a wake-up call (luckily, we had set our alarm) and instead of telling the driver to take us to the trainstation, the taxi driver tried to take us to the airport.Overall, the room was filthy and the front desk service was terrible. The only good thing about this hotel is it's proximity to the Metro...which makes for easy travel around Delhi...and a lovely breakfast included in the price.	
Feb 25 2008	worst hotel in delhi	dont stay here ,even if they pay you,dirty ,smelly, noisy, dusty, insecure, uncomfortable.do not touch anything in this hotel as it will break,if not already damaged.plasma tv in lobby is only thing that works.worst bathrooms,wash hands after touching taps, beds dirty uncomfortable.	
Jul 12 2009 	Cheap mentality management - Tivoli Garden	This is bull (----) resort, their spa doesn't work, swimming pool is in bad shape, they offer membership at a cost with certain facilities like 50% discount on food and when you go their they say the same has been withdrawn. One of the worst ever experince of my life. They charge membership fee and then go back from their words. Bloody cheap mentality management. These kind of people can not grow in life, who cheat people.	
Oct 2 2009 	Nice place to stay	I had a nice and comfortable stay at this guest house. Rooms were clean and well maintained. Close to my Subway restaurant and Domizon Pizza. They take care of the guest and are trust worthy staff. Will visit again.	
Nov 22 2009 	We Enjoyed the trip	It was an excelent hotel and the food was also good. There were Swiming pool and spa facility were excelent. It was well maintained. We got hair hair cut from Silvi. The room was awesome. It was in a posh area. Lobby is very good. Garden were very well maintained.	
	Good hotel for an overnight stop	We spent two separate nights at this hotel as part of our tour of India.As others have said, it is heavily used by and geared to tour groups, There are a lot of arrivals and departures in the night and early morning, which may be disturbing to individual travellers.This is a good hotel though. Our room was pleasant and the bathroom clean. The food was good and the service very friendly and welcoming, except at the front desk where staff were a little abrupt.The gardens are very well maintained, quiet and peaceful. On our second visit our enjoyment of them was increased by the beautiful decorations and fairy lights for a wedding reception to be held that evening.We would not hesitate to return for an overnight stay.	
	Ok hotel in a poor area	Ok hotel if you need somewhere to crash, not near anything useful except the metro and markets. Staff were helpful, area was dodgy.	
	weekend holidya	Good property, reccomend stay	
Oct 3 2009 	Value for Money	We booked this hotel at the last minute as our initial plans on lodging got messed up and I was not able to access Trip Advisor to read the reviews about the hotels in New Delhi. I was very skeptical while booking this hotel as I was accompanied with my whole family from Chennai to New Delhi and I want to ensure nothing more messes up with our plan.The Hotel from its outside gave us a not so good impression as it is fully surrounded by Shops and the Hotel is located in the Commercial area, however, after walking inside the room we felt that we have booked a decent and economical room in New Delhi. We were a family of 4 and the Hotel Staff was kind enough to accommodate all 4 of us in a Deluxe A/c Room for Rs. 3,500/- per night. The Hotel is located right near the Karol Bagh Market which is an added advantage for all bargainers in Shopping. They have a Andhra restaurant and the food was very good. Overall, we felt that this Hotel was value for money.	
	Central Business District of New Delhi	Well located in Connaught Place also known as the Central Business District of New Delhi, The Connaught hotel, a First Class, 4 Star First Class hotel in New Delhi, is suitable for the discerning business Traveller as well as the tourists. The hotel is in the vicinity of New Delhi Railway Station and also well connected to the International and Domestic airports.	
Feb 28 2009 	No way for any Tourist to go this hotel	HiMarina Conaught Delhi is the worst hotel , we found that they were highly costly Awful USD 120 and did not even have Warm Water to BathThe walls are worst , stinking and very small rooms . Only because its in centre of Delhi people prefer ??? But who would like to stay in Centre of Delhi any more.. and with Marina Kind HOTEL .PLEASE GOD THEY SHOULD HAVE CHARGED LESS THAN 40usd AND THAT TOO ONLY FOR LOCATIONPEOPLE DO NOT GO THIS HOTELRohit	
	You get what you pay for	The location is convenient and provides a real experience of Old Delhi. The staff were helpful and a free transfer was arranged from the airport.The hotel is very basic. The room was clean, but damp, and had most things promised including air conditioning and a television (no hot water though).The roof top restaurant is not too pretty to look at but the food was good, great value and with friendly service - its open 24hrs which was a very nice 2am arrival welcome.We used Ananda Hotel as a base for exploring Delhi independently - we didnt spend much time at the hotel and we didnt use the expensive hotel travel agent.Bearing in mind the price and facilities, I think this hotel is good value and an acceptable budget traveller choice  at the time of booking the rate was half that of other hotels in The Connaught Place area of Delhi.	
Oct 18 2009 	Top Notch	I was a great fan of the erstwhile Lodhi Hotel on whose site hotel Aman now stands. Located in one of the best locations of the city on Lodhi Road, Aman is another name for luxury.Right from their branded luxurious Ambassidor taxis to private pools in every suite they have it all. I stayed in a 2 bedroom suite for two nights on the 4th floor with my family and we were treated like royals. Every small bit was taken care of. The staff was helpful to the core. Unlike other hotels the uniform of the staff was ethnic Indian and really smart. One of the unique thing about Aman is the &quot;jharokhas&quot;, in the corridors which allowed partial light to pass in making very beautiful and unique atmosphere. Well worth a visit if one can afford.	
Nov 26 2009 	Not Good	Stayed here for a total of three nights and didn't really have much say on where I stayed as it was booked as part of a package. I couldn't agree more with the second to last reviewer especially with regard to the moth ballsThe bathroom suite was black and the bath itself was peeling and a bit of a safety hazard. The toilet had one of those &quot;sanitized for you convenience&quot; labels on it which was a joke as it was not clean. The shower curtain was filthy. The rest of the room was adequate but I didn't feel it was all that clean.Breakfast was OK.With regards to the new wing mentioned by the previous reviewer, I don't think this is being marketed as part of the Mehar as it looks from the photos in a completely different league.I would chose not to stay here in the future.	
	great place	Its great place and great loc and 5 stars.	
	average	it is average and not very popular it can be good,but better options are there.	
	Love the Lobby	the hotel is gr8 after renovation, need to gear up for the service standards...............	
Oct 24 2009 	no complaints	It was perfect. nice room, cheap price, and especially the staffs. we will definitely stay in this Hotel Prince International again.	
Nov 22 2009 	Bad start at the Vivek	We arrived in Delhi at around 4am and were picked up by the Vivek staff. On arriving at the Hotel we asked to see our room before paying. We were shown a horrible, dirty room. The bed was a short, misshaped double with a thin bit of grubby foam for a mattress, a window was hanging off, the bathroom looked awful. We had booked a standard, not economy room, on the strength of photos on the website. We expected te actual room not to be as good as the photo, but this bore no comparison. We were shown another room that was much better, a (worse) variation of the photo on the net but was told this room was 1200R as opposed to the 650R agreed online. We managed to argue the manager down to 800R for the better room but felt we had been conned. It wasn't a good start to our first India trip after 24 hours travel, it made us expect to have similar problems at other hotels, luckily this experience wasn't repeated. The resturant was quite nice. Staff were friendly, food fine, relaxing atmosphere.	
Nov 20 2009 	Fine business hotel -- not fully luxurious but well above average	I was put up here by a Government of India agency I was visiting. The hotel is owned by GOI, I believe, and so they get preferential rates. It was of the caliber of a nice Marriott -- clean, spacious (I was in the &quot;annex&quot; wing), relatively modern. Not glitzy (I'd stayed at the Taj Palace in Delhi 10 days earlier -- that was about as glitzy luxurious as I've ever been). Service was professional but not obsequious, not overly solicitous. If I'd paid myself, I might have been disappointed, but compared to other &quot;business&quot; hotels I stayed at in India, this was fine. (I'm from the US, have traveled extensively in developing countries.)	
Nov 6 2009 	Good location clean but noisy	Location : nice, 20 min from India gate. Safe area, quite green, and not on a main street . The overal area is mostly residential.Room : relatively large (around 20 sqm), and clean. Wifi is a great advantage. Hot water and electric supply at all time, which is an advantage in India. Includes safe, iron, air conditioning, ...Price : around 50 EUR/night, including breakfast (by the way really nice and sufficient in quality). A daily bottle of water is also complimentary.The major issue I encountered is noise : rooms are well isolated from street and from neighbour room. BUT the doors are extremely thin, which makes that you can hear anything that happens in the corridor, or inside the room right in front of yours. Really incredible... I had to use hearplugs to sleep, which is unpleasant.This is really a pity, as the staff is quite helpful, and rest of the accomodation fine.Smaller disadvantage : rooms on the ground floor have strictly no view (on a dark backyard), so far from website pictures	
Nov 16 2009 	Great hotel great people	Here came my holidays....and the selection was Hotel Claridges in Delhi for my trip to the Golden Triangle.Great hotel , great people, and great services...all being met at one place.Our stay at this hotel inspired us to come back to our native place and ofcourse...we will definitely stay at Hotel Claridges Delhi	
	Love the use of space	Delhi Hotels I am use to such as the Hyatt, Intercontinental, Sheraton or my favorite Shangrila where all booked so I was struggling to get hotel and given that I plan to stay in Delhi for more then a month and half I was hoping for the usual hotels. A friend booked the Grand hotel for me so needless to say I was worried about this hotel since I have never been to it before.I arrived at this hotel and as I walked into the lobby, the first thing I notice is how large and roomy the lobby is. It is open concept design with very high ceiling. This hotel has the largest and most roomy Lobby I have ever seen. Amount of room in the lobby is the first thing you notice and it is a welcome site given that Delhi is a very busy place.Hotel staff took minutes to register my stay and guided me to my room where they gathered the rest of my information they needed while providing information about my room.The hallways on the 4th floor where I stayed where not large however it really did not feel small. You can see the end of the hallways window which makes it more roomy then it is. The minute I walked into the room and I was shown the bathroom I stopped. I have no eye for art but I cannot overcome how simple yet beautiful the entire bathroom is with elegant wooden sliding doors to dark ceramic tiles that makes you stop and stare. I stayed in Shangrila, Intercontinental, Hilton, Hyatt and many other hotels which are all nice but the Grand by far found the perfect use of space and combined the closest, bathtub, shower and closet in to one space. It is also the one thing you will take a picture of and describe to family and friends.The entire room lets you breath with lots of space and very littlethings in your way. Flat TV hangs on side of the wall and a small bar is place under it it. Small work desk that faces a long hallway to the front door. It takes few seconds to get to the door when someone knocks it just to give you an idea of how large the room is and how simple layout makes it even larger.I have different taste for food since food is just food no matter what I eat. I cannot, therefore; give you a good review of the food at this hotel. I had no issues though other then smaller selection available after hours for room service. Sheraton did have a lot more selections at any given hour however.I spend most of my weekends in my room as I work a lot.I had no issues and with the room and loved the bathroom.I felt very comfortable and often had no reason to leave my room.Space is really the key for me personally and this room had plenty of it.Amenities included a fruit basket and lots of bottled water. This is the only hotel in Delhi where I had at least 3-5 bottles of waterat any given time. It is also the only hotel that provided the largest bottle of water at no cost. Typically you get small bottles and you have to pay for the larger ones. I take about 2 bottles a night to work and drink about 2. Housekeeping puts them all back by next day.Privacy is a big thing for me since I am sleeping daytime and working night time. Often in most hotels even with the do not disturb light house keeping calls me in every hotel I stayed.I explained my schedule on my arrival and had no issue for the most part but did get a call or two times. I slept in both times however and they where trying to get to my room as scheduled.Privacy is done via a switch by the bed.Iron is on request only at this hotel however. I needed it few times and one time I got it onetime other time I was told that they could do the ironing for me as they had no iron free. I had my shirt back in less then 10 minutes. Only issue I had was that they of course did a better job then I could and would prefer if the iron was always not available.Internet is the most essential thing for me and in room internet by cable only. Speed varies from slow to high depending on timeof day. You can steam media mornings and evening but slows down in the afternoon. Internet was down in my room once after 3 weeks of stay. I called and I was told it will be up by morning and it was. It was 4:30AM however and I just finished work. Business Center was not effected.I am use to Nortel phones and this room had one at the desk.I do not use hotel phone for long distance and not sure howit compares to other hotels. My room had 3 phones. One by the bed, one on the desk and one in the bathroom which I would never use for any reason. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and have done so for other visitors from my company who stay at Shangrila usually. This is hotel is different from the most flashy but equally nice hotels. It is is unique hotel in terms of space and interior design.	
Aug 4 2009 	Loved The Rooms	This Hotel is always my choice when ever I have to stay very near to the Airport. The Rooms are so well managed, that I love to stay in them. the working staff is alsr really good and so good is the food there. I would recommend you all that if you are looking for a budget hotel, then do visit this place. This is worth everything and you will also get good amount of corporate discounts.	
Nov 22 2009 	Big improvement in this hotel	Was having some trepidation about staying here due to earlier reviews but was pleasantly surprised at what we came across in the hotel. Yes the temporary reception &quot;room&quot; is not ideal but new reception due to be ready by next January. The rooms were excellent, large, clean and well equipped. However we were in rooms which have been upgraded and, as far as we could find out approximately half of the rooms still require upgrading. Restaurant food was fairly good but a fairly limited choice. Bar area was okay but dirty from dust from construction work (probably would be closed by EHS in UK).	
	Comfortable Hotel in New Delhi	This is my first time to New Delhi. Before coming to Delhi I was looking several 3 stars hotel through internet and got some places that can give enjoy time during stay in Delhi. Gotcha.. I decided one hotel named Le Roi Hotel and check in the hotel that very clean, and nice service from the front office until the room boy. Although it located in the crowded area but it very closed to the Metro station that can connected to Rajiv Chock..the central of India in the next station. A lot of restaurant and money changer surrounding the hotel, but if you wanna eat in the restaurant of hotel...its also really delicious food that made by the cooker in the hotel and the price was reasonable price. The other one that make me feel at home when the GM and GRO explained me about Delhi... they are very warm and give me opportunity to kept my bagage and browsing free internet until midnight before check out at midnight. Thank you Le Roi Hotel, if someday I am coming to Delhi...absolutely I would like to stay there.	
Aug 31 2009 	Please do not stay here	Liked most: Leaving!Liked least: Hard sell of tour/travel packagesWe only stayed for two nights, but wouldn't have stayed for any had we not already paid via the internet. If you're thinking of staying at this hotel, please don't. I just don't want anyone else to have the same experience as us.We arranged for transport from the airport which proved very useful, and the car driver was on time and very friendly. The hotel itself was down an alleyway, but I guess a lot of Delhi hotels are. The room was a good size, but even if the sheets and pillowcases had been cleaned, they certainly didn't look it. We ended up putting tshirts on the pillows before we dared lay our heads on them! The area is very noisy at night. We couldn't shut out the noise from outside as there was an air con unit fitted to the window - not that it worked, as the plug had been cut off. Inside the hotel was also very noisy with staff shouting to one another and music playing. Could also hear another hotel guest being very ill in the room upstairs... Yuk! Always seemed to be about 10 staff around, and except for the very smiley doorman, no-one seemed to do much unless they thought there was a good chance of a tip! On the first day, we asked reception for directions to the train station but he insisted on calling the manager. The manager arrived. Again, we asked directions. So when he led us outside and through the streets, we naively thought he was taking us there - no, he was taking us to the Mohan's sister hotel where he proceeded to 'hard sell' his tour packages. After an hour of explaining we weren't ready to buy anything, we left and he was obviously unhappy about it - not offering any help in locating the train station or even returning to the Mohan. We were now in an area completely unknown to us, in the middle of Delhi, on our first day there. To say this was a bit scary is an understatement, and just underlines how little the Mohan International thinks of their guests - perhaps people who do buy their travel packages get treated a lot better.Please don't stay here unless you know the area, don't mind the noise, are able to say 'no' very forcefully, and are completely financially unable to stay elsewhere. I honestly think the good reviews on tripadvisor must have been put up by the manager, employees or friends of the hotel because I can't imagine any other reason why people would recommend this hotel to others.Please don't stay here.	
Mar 12 2009	Pathetic Hotel	Hotel WELCOME PALACE IS A PATHETIC HOTEL..mR miglani owner of this hotel is a cheat..All commitments are false.Beware of this hotel.they are fraud	
Nov 14 2009 	Use as a last resort---	Some pros and some cons. No hot water. Beds and room okay, but bathroom not so clean. Three agressive bell boys insisted on helping with our two bags upon jet-lagged arrival and all wanting tips. Had trouble with AC. Breakfast adequate. Desk staff helpful. Don't stay here unless you have to. Not a good experience.	
Jun 6 2009	Comfortable stay	if u wanna live in delhi close to the airport and closer to gurgaon then it is a good place to stay.....comfortable rooms.	
	Ok hotel - depending on the price you get.	We were originally set to stay at the Hotel Ananda. Apparently the management staff from the Ananda has moved to Grand Peepal and when I emailed to confirm our reservations they said they would switch us to the Grand Peepal for the same price, 1800 Rps/night for a deluxe room. We had complimentary airport pickup - the driver was there on time and very pleasant. This was helpful having just arrived in India. The rooms here were decent - ok size and generally clean. The bathrooms were a typical wet bath style. Our drains didn't work properly and so our bathroom was covered in a half inch of water everytime we showered. The water pressure was also poor, but the water was warm. The toilets did not seem to accept toilet paper very well. The rooftop restaurant had good food and we had breakfast included in our room price. The location of the hotel is very good for browsing the Karol Bagh markets and is also close to the Metro for getting to other parts of New Delhi.Our first day the management offered to take us to get a free map - this included a hard sell on a car and sightseeing for the day. We ended up going at what we are sure now was a very inflated price. I would suggest just getting a taxi on your own. Overall this was an ok hotel, but if you look at the website it shows the tariff as 4000 - 5000 Rps per night. This hotel is certainly not worth that kind of money by any stretch of the imagination.	
Feb 2 2009	Don't believe the website and beware of attempts at rip-offs	Be very sure that this place will suit you before you commit to staying here. You will be required to pay at least 50% of the tariff to confirm your booking, and you will have trouble if you change your mind about the period of your stay. You will also be asked to pay the full amount at check-in, and I would strongly recommend that you resist this request, because you will have a lot of trouble getting a refund if you decide to shorten your stay. I would not recommend that anyone book here sight unseen, because, despite all the hyperbole on the property's website, a lot of the information there is misleading in material ways. I booked 3 rooms for a party of 5 adults, and was initially shown a couple of bedrooms that could not be accessed independently. One could only get to the second bedroom through the first one. The bathroom could only be accessed across an unpaved outdoor courtyard. To get to this bathroom, the people in the first bedroom would have to pass through the second bedroom. When I suggested that this arrangement was not suitable, the owner claimed that the bathroom configuration was clearly stated on the website. I answered that the website described all the rooms as having attached bathrooms, and the owner said the site described these rooms as having an adjacent bathroom! At the time of writing, the website still states, under Facilities, All rooms with exclusive attached bath/shower.There were 2 other bedrooms where the bathroom was accessible only through the second bedroom, although in this case, at least the bathroom was under the same roof. The best room is the one on the roof, and although I pre-paid for this one we were directed to a more expensive room downstairs, and told that we would be charged at the same rate as the upstairs room. At check-out, this arrangement was forgotten. We ended up occupying the suites described on the website as the Emperor Petite and the Empress Petite. Although a small point, the advertised complimentary mineral water, chocolates and fruit basket did not materialise.The rooms were cluttered with all manner of knick-knacks, acting as very effective dust traps. The bed in the second bedroom of the Emperor suite was squeezed up against 2 walls, and although there was a small closet, it could not be used as there was no room for the door to open. There were also television sets in the bathrooms, but given the permanently wet surfaces caused by leaking plumbing fixtures, it is not advisable to turn these appliances on.The locality in which the property is situated is a very quiet and pleasant residential area, with a number of bungalows on large allotments. But there is no convenience shop within walking distance to meet travellers needs, such as drinking water. The metro station is 800 metres away, from where Connaught Place can be reached in 8 minutes.Despite reference to a cafe on the website, the only eating option is room service. Although the menu is extensive, only a very limited number of items is available. Due to the lack of eating places in the area, we cut our intended 5-day stay by 2 days. We informed the owner of our decision to check out early 24 hours in advance. His response was that we would lose the discount because discounts were only given for stays of 4 nights or more. According to the website, we should have been entitled to a discount of 15% for a stay of 3 nights. At checkout, the owner demanded an amount which did not include any discount, but included the higher cost of the downstairs room, and also a retention fee of Rs 9000. The retention fee was because we were checking out 2 days early, although the owner did not mention it when we notified him of our intention the previous day. We did not agree and eventually negotiated a sum which we considered fair. In a country with more advanced consumer protection laws, the owners pricing practices and service descriptions would attract the attention of regulators.The best thing about this property is the cheerful staff, especially Harish, who is on duty for extraordinarily long hours.	
	Delhi	Looks like an apartment converted to a Hotel.Interiors are decent and well maintained.But no good support from reception regarding travel or tourism.Food provided is not good enough and not on time. Probably getting from some other source.No other activity in the hotel when you come out of the room. Overall a congested feeling.	
Jul 16 2009 	cheap nice enough.....	its not 5 star accomodation but its nicer than some of the others the shower rooms/toliet isnt like a hotel one its more like what ud have in ur bathroom........ I think the best thing about this hotel is the nice cheap currys, the friendly staff the giantic beds and they offer cable which has a few english speaking channels. Location is not too bad either everything u need is reachable which a short walk its just round the cornor from a train station where u can catch trains too places all round india a good place too go from here thats not too far away is agra where u can see the Taj Mahal	
Sep 20 2009 	Comfortable hotel to stay in Central Delhi	The Florence Delhi is a small chain of moderately priced, small and friendly hotels. The staff worked very hard to please. The hotel was clean and comfortable, certainly a 3+ star.This hotel was very clean and comfotable, the folks were very friendly and helpful with all of our needs. The street is quite busy and it isnt close to the airport, but we wanted a clean and cool hotel and this was perfect. The dining room/restaurant remains open until very late and the food is great. Food was good, both western and Indian . They were happy to please. It is a relatively quite neighborhood in the WEA area, with a quiet stroll in a residenital area and small park near by.	
Nov 17 2009 	Hazzle Free stay	Telephone booking is always confirmed whenever I have stayed here. Check-in is smooth. Sevice is good. Breakfast is always complimentary which is a plus.	
Apr 8 2008 	Stay Away!	We ended up staying here after our travel agent switched us last minute. By far, it was the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. Staff were rude and dismissive, rooms were like a prison cell and really dirty. The worst thing was the bad smell that was everywhere, the lobby, the rooms, the corridors!! Yuck!	
Nov 17 2009 	You get what you pay for	Corus is supposed to provide a 3 star experience to a business traveler with limited budget and location (CP) in mind. For the frugal sorts whose budget is below 4K this seems to be the best place available. Though if you increase your budget to 5K there are better places.My experience was average with the following high/low points:The goods:1. Rooms and bathrooms were clean and the AC/TV/Mini Fridge worked well. They were small but as I said if you want to stay in CP for less than 4K your choices are limited.2. Staff is extremely courteous/professional and helpful.3. Cafe coffee day at the entrance and the general location is excellent as far as connectivity is concerned. (Inner circle B blcok)The bads:1. Problems with internet. In 4 days the internet was non functional for nearly half the time. A big nono for a business traveller.2. The buffet breakfast included in the price - is just plain bad. Didn't even bother going to the restaurant after the first morning.	
Nov 26 2009 	just a small lodge not a 3 star hotel	The rooms were dull and not clean (a thick layer of dust covered mostof the furniture); the bathroom consisted of a shower, an overflowingtoilet and a bucket; the ceiling was covered with small flies; thehotel was noisy (children running around and constant unidentifieddripping in each room during the whole night); and the breakfastcutlery was not clean.	
Nov 22 2009 	A Secure Starting Point for your Trip to India	I stayed here as the first of many hotels on a 14 days trip in India. I had booked this hotel since it had a good rating here on Tripadvisor and because I had read that other travellers had received help in putting together a complete itinerary. I may not have been complete firm on where I wanted to go, but the plan that I ended up with backed by help from Shanti Home proved not to be as fantastic as I had hoped for. Moreover, I booked a car with driver to take me through Rajastan for 4 days, which in retrospect proved to be comparatively pricy. Restaurant is good, rooms are nice and clean. Location could be better. Free internet.	
Nov 3 2009	extremely helpful	Our first stop in India, looks nothing but comfortable rooms and well sited for shops and sights. The staff couldn't do enough for us, we left our safe open in the room while we went for breakfast and the boy making up the beds drew it to our attention when he could have easily helped himself. Also when my husband was struck with Delhi belly, pretty inevitable, they immediately let us have our room for another night and made all the phonecalls to tourguide, taxi etc. for me which was a great relief to me. Very clean so I don't think he caught it there. Restaurant a bit pricey but some european food on the menu.	
Oct 26 2009 	Dont bother!	We paid for the best room ! - The electricity was constantly going off for long periods. OK this may be part of the Indian way but why advertise it as 24/7 electricity. Even when the electricity was on the shower NEVER worked - not good for the price of the room!!it was dirty and grubbyThe staff were unfriendly and rude.The only decent person there was in the roof top restaurant - he was a really nice chapDont go there - spend your money elsewhere!!	
Nov 18 2008 	Clean and worth considering	we booked up at the White House through Colourful Indian holidays as part of a round trip in Northern India. They chose the hotel and we looked it up and it seemed fine. It was very respectable inside. Bedrooms were air conditioned and spacious and bathrooms well equipped. Our room at the front was a wee bit noisy especially as fireworks were going off for Diwali and the stray dogs were barking but very little traffic. the area is not all that selubrious but the restaurant on the roof had quite a good selection so you did not need to venture out in the evening. One hic up we arranged to stay the night on our return and they denied knowlewdge of our booking - left us waiting wondering what was going on then asid it was 7 DEARER THAN QUOTED All seemed a little strange.So good value but I would be cautious if you book in advance - their knowledge of english is not great	
Oct 16 2009 	Trust the reviews..avoid this hotel.	Myself and 3 other friends stayed at the Dee Marks for 2 nights. We had booked 2 rooms through a travel agent and was told that it was a decent hotel.We arrived late the first night...and were somewhat greeted warmly by the doorman. Hotel was dimly lit and seemed like no one was there. Room: tiny, single beds. Bathroom had basic features...strong water pressure but hardly any hot water. If lucky..water is lukewarm. Hotel employees were not well trained and would linger around expecting and wanting a tip from bringing us fresh towels, to ice to room service. Breakfast was very dissapointing. Bread, and fruit...and can order eggs through the waiter.We checked out and returned to the hotel a night later as part of our tour package and the front desk male receptionist was grouchy and rude...and not helpful nor friendly. Doorman was hovering expecting a tip for opening the door. None of the facilities were open. Hotel is hidden just off the road in the middle of nowhere.Would not recommend this hotel at all...there are many others to choose from and at the rate they are charging...US180 a night..it's unbelievable.Would rate it at a motel standard...a 2 star.	
Nov 25 2009 	Cashing in on their success	As we are right now staying at Cottage Yes Please, a word of warning to anyone who might get too excited from the good reviews on this site.They have started charging on the Wi-Fi use, 100 rupees per day. Double room price at 900, and although the rooms are reasonably clean and quite nice, most are nothing like the photos on their web site.A big minus is that they seem to be happily giving a cold shoulder to people with confirmed bookings. They did it to us and to another couple this week, just because we arrived late in the evening (which we had told them before and they had replied it was ok). We had arranged the booking by e-mail and the other couple even face to face at the hotel - no help, they just told us they were full and told to go to their sister hotel, Cottage Crown Plaza nearby. The guy at the Yes Please desk was rude and aggressive and said that he did not care if we had a booking or not, if we didn't want the sister hotel, we should go on the street and look for other places. We were tired, so just haggled about the price and went to Crown Plaza, which was decent but no Wi-Fi.As we really needed a place with Wi-Fi, we returned to Yes Please for this stay. OK value, but not good service.The Fiesta cafe just opposite this place has good breakfasts and coffee, and free Wi-Fi if you give them your ID.	
	Good Stay	It is good hotel with nice AQUA bar at central location in ND	
Oct 14 2009	KoolYaar	I was with a marriage party and we had booked our rooms in this hotel. We reached the hotel in the morning, after a exhaustive journey by train from Chennai. But the service was good. And the tariff is an added attraction, really less. Considering the area (Karol Baug), the price is affordable. Service cannot be said Excellent, but considering its tariff, service provided is good.Proximity of Metro Rail is an added advantage.	
Sep 13 2009	a place where leisure and comfort coincides.	it's a wonderful place to stay and enjoy the city. at the end of the day u get a good food and a lovely place to sleep.	
Oct 11 2009 	excellent stay in good price	I have stayed in many hotels in India, Metro Heights was the best of the hotel especially in karol bagh area.The staff is friendly ,the rooms were clean and well decoated with a big L.C.D. Bathrooms were neat and hot water in the showers is available.I have no hasseles in the hotel every time i have stayed here.The price they take is also not exorbitant.	
Oct 31 2009 	Bad Area	Not that great location &amp; hotel, just hyped room without window and noisy as on the street.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great place to stay in Delhi near the center of the city	This was my first trip to India I had no idea where to stay. The Jaypee Siddharth was selected by my business representative in Bangalore and my 4 night stay was a very good experience. The purpose of the trip was business and the desk and chair in the relatively spacious room on the third floor had good reception for the wireless internet connection. The internet connection is 400 INR per 24 hour period additional charge with unlimited sign on/signoff. The access speed was a very good, 54.0 Mbps.The location was good with a HDFC Bank with a 24 hour ATM 1/2 block to the east along the elevated metro line. One block to the west the Rajendra Place metro station is four stops from the Connaught Place metro stop which is one of the shopping districts. The pool seems to have had a recent upgrade and was a welcome surprise. I swim for exercise and stress relief and the pool is at least 20 meter maybe 25 meters long. Although it is not primarily a lap pool, the center rectangular section is wide enough for 4 lap swimmers. It was very clean even the morning after a torrential downpour and wind storm that knocked out power to parts of Delhi and flooded roads around the city.The restaurant in the lobby was the only one of the hotel restaurants I tried during my stay and had a very good breakfast buffet with Indian vegetarian dishes and fresh fruit selection. I have not eaten Indian food much and it is a bit spicy but I really like them. The dishes offered at the buffet were well prepared and there was excellent service from an attentive and friendly staff.	
Oct 13 2009 	A great palce -quality for money	A great hotel.The rooms are great .the ambiance is excellent.The staff was friendly and very helpful.Truly speaking a great place with value for money.	
Nov 15 2009 	My Stay in Delhi	Booked via Makemytrip. Hotel is average. Location is midst of Karol bagh the populated area of Old Delhi. Close to many places though. We stayed here as we needed to visit US Consulate for an Interview. Room was very good though no balcony. AC was good. Had a problem with the bathroom lock. Got locked out from inside. Bathroom has new jacuuzi but it was not that effective and was malfunctioning. Room service was very good. Got value for money to some extent. TV was good. Was an LCD. Would recommend.	
Jun 10 2009 	No good food for vegetarians	I was 7 months pregnant hence i was given the best available hotels for the business trip to ensure that my trip is comfortable. But it turned out to be a bit pathetic as i was a vegetarian and there was hardly any good food for vegetarians. Additionally the food cost was also very high. The ambiance was good, rest all the amenities were good but my only worry was about the food which was not upto my satisfaction. I'm not sure if non-veggies would be happy to stay there. I stayed there for almost 10 days, more than myself i was worried about my baby who was yet to see the world. Thanks to GOD this stay didn't affect my health and i had a\delivered a healthy baby girl on 4th July 2009. That's it from my end :)	
	a decent hotel in an interesting part of Delhi	If you are wanting a good basic hotel at a good price offering decent accommodation, inexpensive restaurant, internet access and situate in an old part of the city then the Ajanta does nicely. They offer free transport from the airport (24 hours) which is very handy when you are a first time visitor to India. The onsite Bureau de Change is an added bonus. Street noise can be a slight problem until into the early hours.	
	Expensive for what it is	I am not sure if it is worth to stay into this hotel. I think it is too expensive for what it is.PROSLocationCONSThey ripped us off with the taxi cost coming from the airport, use the prepaid taxi when you arrive at the airport.Not really cleanNoisyForget about the restaurant	
Nov 23 2009 	They'll treat you like a thief!	My rooms were booked and paid for in advance when I got to the reception after an intensive security check of the car - visual inspection under the hood, under the body with a stick and mirror - and of ourselves with metal detectors, screening gate and physical inspection of body and hand bags. Check-in took about 15 minutes and they asked me for my credit card as a security deposit in case if I steal something from the hotel and run away without paying. (At least I interpreted this reason as the rooms were already paid for).The double occupancy room required careful physical maneuvering to get to the door from the bed - it's just tiny. The room had 3 telephones: 1 worked only as an intercom within the hotel, 1 was disconnected from mains and 1 I later discovered was wrongly connected to the &quot;data&quot; port and thus didn't work. A broken shower in the bathroom was eventually left unfixed after my 3 nights' stay and 3 complaints. They have no weighing scale in the entire shiny 4-star hotel to either weigh yourself or your luggage; and that was discovered after transferring the call from housekeeping to front desk to bell desk.Checkout took about 20 minutes even after having absolutely no pending bill.	
Aug 22 2009 	Hasan M. Abu-Narr Abu Dhabi UAE	Excellent Hotel and Brilliant Staff with reasonable price ... I stay in the hotel from 20  21 August 2009. I came to New Delhi to do a professional exam at Ramnath House Yousuf Sarai Community Center. All staff was very helpful and cooperative  especially the receptionist. I would like to thank Mr. Prithive (receptionist) for his help and advises. Many thanks. Hasan M. Abu NarrAbu Dhabi , UAE	
Nov 20 2009 	Best beds in India	I am not a fan of Delhi, in fact the Hyatt is the best thing there. Wonderful comfortable beds, great bathroom amenities (the lavendar bubble bath is lovely). Great service, fast internet, reasonable location for the airport. Delhi can be very smelly, and quite dirty, the Hyatt is a welcome respite from it. There is a pool but I've never gone out to it, the air is to vile! Great spa and fairly priced, excellent jet lag massage	
Sep 10 2009 	great	I couldnot forget my stay with hotel york. I had a good time over there. I felt myself so much comfortable during my stay over there. All the staff are nice and polite and hospitable in each and every way. I have visited so many hotels in my life visiting the mostly all places in India. But never been such kind of amenities and services what I found in hotel york.Indeed, I will definately recommand my relation and all my colleages to visit hotel york at least once in a life Girish parwar	
	Great Service	I stayed at Oberoi last month for a training workshop and was floored by the service and hospitality of the hotel staff. The facilities were superb and arrangements awesome. The staff would always greet you with folded hands and a &quot;Namaste&quot; - irrespective of where and how many times you met them during a day.The cleanliness of the hotel was immaculate as well. The conference rooms, where we spent most of our time, were well maintained and comfortable even for a group of 60.Depending on the room you had, you could have a view of the lush green Delhi Golf Club - this amount of greenery in the heart of an Indian city is unparalleled.The food was great and covered the entire spectrum of Indian, Eastern (e.g. Chinese) and Western (e.g. continental) food options. Although we ate at special buffets organised for us, the one time I ate in a restaurant - the experience was equally great.	
Apr 19 2009 	Small Rooms	Hi, The hotel is very conviniently located at the middle circle on CP. The rooms are clean &amp; the beds are soft &amp; comfortable. There are 2 issues (1) The rooms are very small (2) One has to climb 2-3 flights of stairs to reach the room as its spread over 3 floors with no lift. Insist for discount &amp; upto 20% of the tariff will be waived.	
Nov 14 2009 	Decent Hotel	I don t know whether those who disliked this Hotel hadnt been to another Place? Surely, the picture of the front of the hotel doesnt indicate that it is squeezed in between other buildings, but the pictures show definitely suncourt yatri. The Hotel is not bad at all , especially in comparison to other Hotels upcountry. About the value, i cant say much, the price was included in our tour.	
Nov 8 2009 	Basic small rooms ..... Clean and Tidy	Not bad, but the rooms are very small - not enough space to manouvre between the bed and the TV. The air conditioning only worked in the rooms, and was incredibly noisy and smelly. Not enough towels (problem in most hotels in India). Cable TV, yummy room service, but the porters hang around until they get a tip!!	
	Loved the pool side	We really loved the hospitality and it was the great experience staying at Taj!	
Nov 20 2009 	Right Place to stay	First hotel of twelve we stayed in on our trip to India. Set back from a busy road in its own grounds, it was a very nice place to stay for a couple of nights. We were upgraded to a suite which was clean, comfortable, with a beautiful bathroom. One of the best beds we slept in all holiday with great pillows. There are 2 restaurants, both of which served good food. If you don't like your curry too spicy the chef will happily tone it down for you. Good buffet breakfast.	
Oct 28 2009 	Not a bit like the website	We were disappointed with this hotel.We should have researched it better.The pictures on the website are misleading.My tip would be to make sure you read reviews carefully before you do your booking and maybe only book 1 night at a time until you see a place.The airport pickup was a plus.	
Nov 9 2009 	Awful	Yes its cheap, yes its close to the station, but its awful. was not under any illusions as to getting much for our money - wasn't expecting an amazing place for the price but i wish we had paid a little more and stayed somewhere better. The room was horrible, the bathroom was filthy - i did not wash while i was there, we arrived to find cigarette butts in the toilet, sheets where dirty, We also saw several cockroaches (although this isnt exactlyt unusual in Delhi) the tipping point came when we could hear buzzing in the room which we though to be the electricity or fan, so after turning them on and off afew times we were stumped as to what it could be; went to go back to sleep picked up my pillow to reveal 2 huge cockroaches underneath it. WRANK.	
Oct 26 2009 	Awful Hotel	I was travelling with a group of friends and we decided to stay at this place. Big mistake. We booked far in advance, but they managed to book us one room to few. When we argued with them and showed them various emails that proved booking, they said that we had not asked for enough rooms and that it was our fault. At first they told us that some of us would have to stay elsewhere, but in they end they finally relented and found us another room. The staff were rude and pushy, barging into our rooms at odd times of the day and evening. Also, we had to wait for about an hour at the front desk whilst they checked various booking details - they seemed determined to find a reason not to let us stay. The rooms were dirty, pokey and noisy.	
	Very friendly staff; Convenient Location	Stayed here with friends as a hub in and out of New Delhi. The hotel arranged car service to/from the int'l airport and to/from the Taj Mahal the next morning. I definitely recommend this hotel as a stress-free way of traveling around and into/out of Delhi - they took care of everything and were happy to assist.	
Nov 24 2009 	Slumps have better rooms than this.	The pen ultimate disaster. Want to know what happens after 2012, come to this hotel. Staff were rude and were making snide remarks as we were checking in. Down right insulting us in our face. When giving them my platinum credit card, the staff accused me of trying to pass them a debit card. Carpet was threadbare. Damp musky stink. As we were walking to our room, we could see rooms with broken windows through open and broken doors. Air con was not working in the room. Staff who promised to help us look into it never came. We must have been talking to a ghost from this hotel's past. everybody wants a tip even when they are asked to repair broken fixtures in the room. Ultimate insult was when I was locked inside my room because the cheapskate lock they installed on the door failed, TWICE. Had there been an emergency or fire I'd be dead. When i asked to change my room, one rude man asked me menacingly if i wanted to change room. After changing the room through my insistence, he had the gall to try to cop a tip out of me. Worst hotel I had ever stayed in, you couldn't pay me enough to come back here. The one bright spark was a 46 inch LCD tv inside a small room. The money could have been better spent updating the fixtures and broken appliances or better yet, staff training. to think that my business associate booked me into this hotel thinking that anyone as prices of their rooms are at 5 stars rate, it should be good. Put your clients here only if you want to see them for the last time. Free internet was @ 2 kbps when it is good. DO NOT COME ANYWHERE NEAR THIS DUMP, EVER.	
	Best Hotel We Have Ever Stayed in !!	WOW !!! What a fantastic hotel. Warm welcome from staff on arrival . Room was everything you would expect from a 5 star hotel, large room with dressing room and large bathroom. Furnishings were of top quality. Staff were always helpful and courteous and could not do enough for you from the maid to the hotel manager. The hotel is like stepping back in time with its impressive lobby and seating area. Every floor of the hotel is like walking through an art gallery with numerous pieces of art, its well worth going for a wander and checking them out. The staff are dressed in uniforms similar to those that would have been worn in the colonial era. The atrium is impressive and the ideal place to relax and have afternoon tea. The hotel pool is an oasis from the hustle and bustle of Delhi.	
Aug 7 2009 	Well kept place but far from action (other then Baha'i temple)	Despite the poor reviews this place is overall a very decent place to stay in Delhi. They cater more to business travelers, but can also take good care of regular tourists. THe breakfast is nice and the rooms are well kept, clean, up to date, and comfortable. The room service is tasty but not cheap.	
Jun 15 2009	Very nice and quaint	This is a very nicely maintained and conveniently located guest house...the biryani and the butter chicken here rocks....	
	Good but noisy	We stayed only one night and our room was close to the reception. All the noise from the hall way and reception could clearly be heard in our room all night. Also there were some cat fights under the window providing more noise. Try to get a room far away from the reception and/or wear earplugs.Eevrything else worked OK.	
Nov 14 2009	Good hotel but be aware	Stayed here for 2 nights, very impressed, then came back for another 3 nights .... Disgusted to pay for a Deluxe room and be given a very average room. On complaining was upgraded back to what we were in previously, and had paid for....... Best floors to be on are 19 and 20. Rooms are comfortable and airy. Housekeeping staff are wonderfully friendly and if you get the right waiters in the restaurant, make eating a pleasure. Food is very good and menu is varied. No tummy complaints !!	
	Find another place	The hotel is not very clean. Staff is ok. Near airport. Dining room ok. But I would suggest finding a 3 star hotel. An Indian friend made the reservation for our departure next am. Wished he would have gone for a better place.	
	Great Hotel Excellent Location	Great hotel, excellent location (centrally located in New Delhi), close to Connaught Place. The hotel's interior visible through the glass lifts is adds to the excitement. The rooms are excellent, nicely done up.The only thing that needs a bit of upbringing is the bell staff, which still gives you a taste of the legacy.Would certainly recommend staying at the hotel, though is slightly over-priced.	
Nov 24 2009 	pleasant surprise	A clean place,friendly staff , a good place to startAn India tour. Although it was 3.00a.m when we arrived, everybody was extremely helpful. I cannot imagine a better place.A simple but tasty breakfast. Nothing more to be desired[as far as hotels go]. I shall be back soon.	
Jun 25 2009 	We had great time...........	As we have taken this holiday on weekend &amp; its pakage was great as the hotel was, we were on triple occupancy &amp; the hotel staff were good enough to take care of us.........We had blast &amp; enjoyed the weekend with all recreational stuff &amp; evening with great wine..........Food is equaly good but expensive enough............&amp; as the the hotel clams to be 4star, its fair enough to be..........	
	Everything awesome about it and its at a very low price	Now this is what is called a great hotel at a great location with the best price. I stayed in this hotel for two days and had booked a &quot;standard room' meant for two people due to non availability of a single occupancy during booking time (i know its a waste of resource ;) ). The rooms are awesome! Very much clean. The corridors and the waiting lounge was very comfortable as well. The bathroom was good too but with no bathtub :( (It does matter to some !). It seems that the commode was meant for those people with a height &gt;6.5 feet as when you have to use it your feet cannot touch the floor. (What the heck?) The hotel has a restaurant named Comesum which is a chain of restaurants tied up with IRCTC which serves amazing food which being tasty was hygienic at the same time. The best part was its location. Its located right next to the New Delhi railway station(NDLS). So if you are coming by train you could even walk to the hotel. For local travel the metro station is again at a walking distance in fact closer than NDLS.As far as my stay was concerned I faced no problems except for they don't allow to take your car near the portico and you have to take your luggage and walk for some distance (not much). It could be bothersome when one has a lot of luggage but shouldn't be a deciding factor according to me given the security issues which the country faces.All in all my stay was good and I don't see any reason why I should give anything less than five in ratings. The negatives i mentioned shouldnt be a deciding factor as far as I believe. thanks for reading....	
	Go for the upgrade room	My first trip to India. May not be my last, but my last to Delhi and Northern India. Stayed two nights. This hotel is ok. Friends made reservations. Had I known about upgrade rooms I would have insisted on one. Should have checked with them on what hotel they made reservations for. In the future in India - will insist on 4 star hotels. Have stayed in 3 stars in Europe and in Russia - but not the same. Would recommmend with explanation to get upgrade room. A friend did leave clothes in the room. When we came back a week later they had her clothes for her. So that was a plus.	
	Delhi2	Not a bad hotel in the national capital.The rooms are more or less well maintained and well furnished.Kitchen is also good.Location is probably out of the way.Food is good and enough choices.In short good value for money.	
May 15 2009 	Good Location	Conclave Comfort is one of the 3 hotels by the same group in the surrounding locality. Ideally situated specially for people travelling towards Okhala.1) Comfortable stay2)Decent Food3) Good Service4) Decently Priced	
	stay in the capital	This hotel in the heart of capital is a blend of contempory services and the heritage to serve customers. Finest rooms with a touch of comfort that really makes you feel comfortable.	
Oct 29 2009 	would not choose again	We stayed one night only at this hotel as it was closer to the airport. We were greeted by a charming girl...but once she was gone there was not one friendly face except perhaps in the business centre. After all our wonderful memories in India...this one wasn't awful....just ordinary!! We had definitely been spoilt with our other choices.	
	The bed is good and also the clublounge service	The title say's about all what is better then average I normally experience. the staff was very helpfull and friendly. Stayed here for one night. Stayed in more hotels in Shanghai with about the same (company)-rate as this hotel and have to state this is my last stay here. I took the clublounge upgrade for reason same price as seperate additional internet + breakfast + lounge-promotion-stuff. The building is clearly from the older architecture style of Hotel-building. There is no separate shower (in bathtub with curtain) and the room was not spacy. Location good for starting travel west for Suzhou or evening stuff in Puxi.	
Nov 16 2009 	EXcellent hotel and Location location!	I stayed for six nights in the Radisson New World.LOCATION: Excellent: on Peoples's Square, across the Metro station ( three lines ), near several shopping streets and within walking distance of Shanghai Museum, Shanghai Art Museum, Shanghai Urban Planning Center and Grand Theatre. The hotel is connected to the department store New World City and East Nanjing Road can be reached via an underground passage.ROOMS: I had a small suite with view on People's Square. Rooms are tastefully decorated and the bathrooms are spacious.STAFF: All the staff were friendly and efficient and went out of their way to help. When I lost my videocamera the Duty Manager arranged for an English speaking employee to go with me to the police station. Apparently the station had just moved to a new location, so he had to ask around in the neighbourhood. He not only translated, but convinced the police officers who at first didn't want to make an official report to do so.I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to Shanghai!	
Aug 13 2009 	Great hostel but kitchen needs improvement	big and nice rooms and overall good experience. staff is helpfulkitchen opening times need to be mentioned as we tried to order lunch at 11:15 am and they could not make fried rice yet.Overall nice place and easy to get taxis and a short walk to the subway.	
	VERY GOOD AND VERY HEART CENTER HOTEL	We have ony 3 nights in shanghai So we try to get good one. I have checked on trip and internet and ask our friends we choose this hotelFirst impression of the hotel foyer ...most impressive!Our room was also impressive in decor and layout, in part being a corner room overlooking the square on Nanjing Road. Large, marble bathroom with the only shortcoming, both the bath and shower were combined. Room was very big and really nice in modern way and e- suite China was so large country and so nice country so great. We enjoyed hotel with our most liked trip.So good and heart center hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very good if you don't mind being out of downtown	Stayed in the hotel for a couple of nights. It was a very good and clean four points. The location is out of the center which means you cannot just walk to reach the bussling areas like the bond and nanji st. You can take the metro though (about 2 mns walk) which is very handy and only 3 stops away of the downtown. However the positive thing is that the hotel is located in a sort of a pedestrian area gathering lot of restaurants and shops; quite entertaining and accomodating. Highly recommended if you don't mind taking public transport to downtown	
Sep 7 2009 	a genuine 5 star hotel	My husband and I took advantage of their weekend rate, we stayed last Friday- Sunday and it was a good conclusion to our trip in Shanghai after we had an unpleasant stay at another hotel. We have been to many high class hotels and this is one of them, beautiful decor and quality furnitures throughout. Food was good and staff generally helpful and spoke good English which is an exception in China. Overall we were very happy with the Sheraton.	
Nov 1 2009 	GREAT HOTEL AND STAFF	Stayed for 1 weeks in a suite on 33rd floor , rooms large very clean, shower and bath great no problems at all. Food excellent very friendly staff, Johnny the var manager a very friendly guy.	
Nov 11 2009 	We were pleasantly surprised how nice the hotel was!	My friend and I stayed at Hengsheng Peninsula International Hotel for three nights in October 2009. We booked this hotel because it looked ok from the photos and the price was affordable. We werent actually expecting much, we just wanted a decent base for sightseeing in Shanghai. We were pleasantly surprised how nice the hotel was! Everything went smoothly and we really enjoyed our stay. We had a nice room: spacious, clean, high floor, with comfy beds. The breakfast was also good; with a lot of options to choose from (although a lot of Chinese style food). There is even a cook making fresh omelets. There is a rooftop bar, with unbelievable views over the city. Also the prices there are quite unbelievable, but the view is definitely worth it! We even think that the location of the hotel is ok. We went around the city by taxi, bus and walking. I will definitely book this hotel also for my next visit.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great Location - Away from busy streets - Just perfect!	Arrived on a Tueday and stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in the main building in a huge room with 2 double beds. Beds are indeed hard, but after so much sightseeing, etc. you get used to them. Maid service was great. Never had to ask for room to be made up and the front desk service was good too. Breakfast did not come with my room but I ate there a couple of times only out of necessity. It is a buffet which costs about $15 nothing to write home about. For food shopping would recommend the Parkson supermarket next to the subway stop. Would stay there again in a heart beat. For a hotel room well under $100 it was grand. Loved the fact that the hotel also offered free internet.	
Nov 20 2009	Nice Hotel; Very Modern	We spent a night at this hotel during our China tour. I didn't notice the dirty carpets that others have complained about in their reviews. The breakfast was excellent and is served in the atrium that offers a gorgeous view straight up the inside of the towering building, with giant scrolls running down the walls. Our room (not sure if it was a standard or not, since our tour group booked it for us) was very nice and came with some additional features like a washer/dryer, which is handy if you've been traveling around and have accumulated a pile of dirty clothes (and laundry service is EXPENSIVE). The inside of the hotel was very beautiful and modern.	
Nov 11 2009 	You get what you pay for	This hotel is your standard Ibis hotel located in Pudong. A good 20 minute walk away from the nearest metro station, but it does have two shopping areas next door with good restaurants, Starbucks, Carrefour supermarket etc. It is a long way from the tourist attractions however.Usual Ibis room with tiny bathroom (shower, toilet, basin) and room with bed and desk up against the window. Small flat screen TV with only a couple of English channels (ESPN, Bloomberg and CCTV English channel).Despite other reviews saying the beds are hard, I can say it is not as hard as the bed I've had to sleep on since moving to China! In fact it felt positively soft! However, it is probably much harder than most westerners are used to. I felt a better job could have been done with the cleaning. The shower hadn't been cleaned properly (mould in corners, along edges and around the plug hole) and it got progressively worse over the days we stayed. There was a lot of noise overnight (we were on the 11th floor) that woke me up several times each night - people shouting, car alarms constantly going off and fireworks. The people staying in the room above us were up most of the night as well and I could hear them walking around.The staff were not overly friendly or helpful. There was free internet available in rooms, but in the evening it slowed to almost dial up speed.If you can put up with the noise, distance from everything and things being a bit rough around the edges then this is a cheap hotel in an expensive city. However next time, I think I'd pay more for something in a better location and for a better experience.	
Jul 22 2009 	Excellent both facilities and services	A perfect business hotel - perfect service, room, food, great gym, nice pool, good location.especially their outside swimming pool....next time I will continue to stay this hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	Convenient	1) Cleaniness: room was clean.2) Location: centralised location with Nanjing Road is a short walk away, not too bad for the price and in comparison with the prices of hotels in the surrounding area.3) Rooms: for a local hotel the room was a bit small, but adequately equipped. There is no satellite TV, so we only had chinese channels. The bed was really hard though.4) Service: I would have had little complaints about this hotel if not for the service. We'd asked for a late check-out (for 2 pm) the night before and the next morning the reception called to ask abt our check-out. We told the lady that we arranged with her colleague the night before tht we were checking out late, and then she told us to make sure we were out of the room before 2pm. We turned up at the reception counter 15 mins late. And the lady then rudely and unnecessarily informed us &quot;It's past 2pm&quot; before proceeding with check-out.5) Value: Overall not bad value for the location, but do not expect any good service.	
Nov 20 2009 	Loved the Hotel	Crowne Plaza Century Park is one of the best hotels tostay in Pudong area. This place is ideal for business travellers because of the proximity of New shanghai International Expo centre and the Pudong Expo center both are about 5 mins from the Hotel.Almost everybody in the Hotel either speaks or understand English which makes it very convieneient to talk to the Concierge to get around the place.There is a near by shopping area called the Thumbs plaza which has a great ambience and athmosphere. There are several international food chains like the Pizza hut , Subway and also several bars and Pubs including the very comfy and laid back Irishmans Pub. The Irishmans pub is run by Deaglan a very friendly guy who has a steady group of Expats visting the Pub.There are also some cheap joints to have food including some Chinese and Indian restaurants.Overall its a lovely location and and a very good hotel to stay.	
Sep 22 2009 	Pleasant rooms in a good location	Having read previous reviews I was very concerned that the tour group we were with had booked this hotel. They assured us it was good quality and we were relieved to find it was. The rooms were clean with modern decor - we stayed in two different rooms and both were fine. The bed was large and comfy and the bathroom had all lots of nice marble and glass. The hotel is located near a busy road but this makes for good connections with the main attractions. The only thing that was less than perfect was the breakfast area which was hectic although it did have a good range of Western and Oriental food.	
	Found cockroach in the room - Lousy customer service	Had a negative experience staying in this hotel. At first glance, the hotel seems to be good - clean spacious room &amp; bathroom, with good choices of breakfast. However, when I returned to the room on the 2nd night, I found a big cockroach running around in the bedroom. I immediately called the receptionist and they told me they will send someone up. I had to wait for 20 minutes and had to call again to remind them that I'm still waiting for someone to come. The staff did come and she expressed her disbelief. and after looking around, she finally managed to catch the cockroach. No apology was offered by the staff or by the receptionist. As it happened quite late in the night and I was already exhausted, I decided not to demand to change the room and decided to sleep. After my stay, a survey by email was sent out and I voiced out my feedback. The reply that came was addressed to someone else (A Mr XXX instead of my name) and only say the usual thing: &quot;We truly apologize for inconvenience caused and we hope you'll come back and visit us next time&quot; I will definitely NOT recommend for anyone to stay at this hotel unless the customer service is improved. It's really a disappointing &amp; unpleasant experience.	
Nov 4 2009 	top stay	great hotel, good location, highly recommended for a stay in shanghai(and don't forget to check out lounge 18 on the bund)	
Sep 24 2009 	Really nice	It was a great surprise when we discovered thar our 30 bedroom was a deluxe one with King size bed and a fantastic view. It's really close to the Bund and the city center, in really wlaikng distances, not like they say in other places... I'd really reccomend it. The best hotel in our 10 days trip in China!	
Nov 24 2009 	Very good indeed!	Me and my father (family owned business) stayed at this Courtyard Marriott for 4 nights this mid november. We got a good rate on Expedia (USD108), which I thought to be reasonable compared to similar grade hotels (150 and up). Having stayed at a &quot;chinese&quot; hotel in Hangzhou, I decided not to adventure again. kept it simple with the Marriott chain.The hotel is very new - it just opened in June, so all amenities and commom areas were very well mantained. Awesome bar at the lobby floor, very stylish, cool restaurant on 2nd floor and a nice gym at 4th (pool too). Location-wise, its perfect - just byGrand Gateway mall, metroCity, a subway station and Papa Johns and Starbucks!! Being a brasilian with an american education, I just loved to re-encounter papa johns pizza again!! And all of this on a 3-5 minutes walk!The bad part is all services are paid - breakfast was not included on our rate, so add another 26 USD and USD 17 for internet. But still, if you are in leisure and just want to check emails, it's cheaper to go to a cybercafe. And for the food, go to starbucks or Costas Caf, and you'll be set. However, I must be fair, it's one hell of a breakfast they offer, and for americans and europeans, where breakfast anywhere may be around 20-30 USD, this amount may be just about right - but even though it's very well served, it's a little to much for my brasilian budget (in comparison terms, a nice breakfast here costs around 10 bucks).One short note, there is also a tailor shop right before the inside front door of the hotel. They have this special sale, where you can get 3 custom made shirts for 48 bucks each. I just couldnt hold myself and bought 9 shirts and loved it!!! They deliver in 2 days.In short, I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to people.	
Oct 30 2009 	Reasonably priced 5star	The Broadway Mansions in Shanghai was built in 1934 and has recently been refurbished in modern Art Deco style. Situated close to The Bund and within walking distance of Nanjing Pedestrian Street. What a pleasant experience after our disaster at The Bund Riverside Hotel. Here everything was spotless and state of the art. Rooms were well equiped with amenities. The TV is also a PC in your room.There is a minimal charge to use the internet. Tea and coffee facilities are available and the utensils are packed very neatly into specifically designed draws. Iron and ironing board stored in the wardrobe as is the room safe. The service was impecable and the staff well versed in English and other languages. When there was need for service in the room, someone was there almost immediately. No swiming pool but a very good exercise facility and spa/beauty parlour. Quality control was high on the agenda. The Breakfast room overlooks The Bund and the choice of food was quite extensive and suitable for all tastes. This hotel, in my opinion is a &quot;Hidden Gem&quot;	
	Don't be fooled by the pretty lobby	Stayed at the Sofitel Shanghai Hyland for three days in November and was somewhat disappointed. This hotel didn't get top ratings from Trip Advisor reviews and I was somewhat reluctant to book it, but I received a great three-for-two-nights deal on hotels.com. Upon arriving, the lobby was spectacular and I began to feel better about my choice.--until I got to my room on the 10t floor. I choose not to upgrade to the Executive Level as was offered upon check-in (for about $50 a night). So I imagine the lower floors are for discount bookings and the rooms are certainly not up to the standard of this luxury chain. Nothing really bad, just pretty dated with a very small and old bathroom. Not much of a view, either. Beds were very hard, as is often the case in Asian hotels. The hallways were dark and dingy. Service was sullen and the concierge didn't even look up from his phone conversation when I stood there for at least 10 minutes. One afternoon upon returning to my room, it had been made up, but the roll of toilet paper was missing. (As a single male traveler, I was approached by prostitutes quite often right outside of the hotel, but I guess that's not the hotel's fault) I hope (and suspect) that the rooms and service on the Executive level are better. I did not eat at the hotel.On the plus side, the location is right on the main shopping street and within easy walking distance to most attractions and very close to the subway. Lots of restaurants in the area, and tons of mall-type shops. I also had free WiFi which was not supposed to be included. I suppose on the lower floors you can still access the WiFi from the lobby area. Lots of international news and entertainment channels. Overall, not a terrible experience, but also not one that lives up to the expectations of a Sofitel hotel. This would be a nice three star place, and if you understand that going in, you will likely be satisfied. Unless I got a great deal, I would not stay there again, as Shanghai has a lot of upscale hotels in the vicinity.	
	Rather Expensive for The Room Size	If the price was reduced by say USD 20 to USD 30, I would say it is reasonable. The Hotel itself is good, however, the room is very tightly layed-out. Bed, TV, coffee table, writing table, tiny luggage bench and a bed, all seemed to be squeezed into a small space! Very compact for such a large property. The service at the Front Office when I check-in was swift and professional. My queries for information on internet service and late check-out till 2pm were immediately understood and responded.The breakfast service was also prompt and efficient. Our coffee was continually refilled. The downside of the breakfast service was the layout of the buffet spread. I walked 3 rounds and could not find the juices. Eventually, I asked the service staff and was told that the juices were at the entrance! It was totally cut-off from the entire food and fruits line, and it was also beyond the greeters desk, definitely a first of my many experiences in a hotel. Recommended if you are visiting offices in the complex, as it is convenient. Otherwise, the various hotels in the Pudong Area might be better in terms of choices, cost and the room comfort.	
Oct 25 2009 	Mixed Feelings	I am still here at the hotel and am checking out today. I have mixed feelings of this place. Positive: nice room decoration, large, well appointed room equipped with a printer, great bathroom, most staff friendly, good location for sightseeing or to Hongqiao/Gubei district, Chupa Chups at the reception (cute touch ;), nice view from the room if you are on the high floor, plenty of distilled water bottles in the room, etc...Well may be this has little to do with how comfortable the hotel is but the thing that disturbed me the most was the fact that we found few dead fish in the fish tanks on each floor EVRY DAY despite our attempts to correct the problem (we have written and called GM directly on two occasions). There are quite few fish tanks on each floor and they do add some flavor to the whole ambience of the hotel. However, if you find live fish feeding on the dead fish because they are so hungry right outside of your room, the whole desired effect is gone! This lack of attention to details equates to dirty toilet in a restaurant in my opinion. Imagine if you are at a posh restaurant. You find the food/service/atmosphere to your liking. Then you have to excuse yourself to go to the loo. And the toilet you find is a dirty mess! Also during our stay there was constant drilling and hammering noise from the construction site nearby and downstairs. We did not stay in the room the whole day so it was not too bad but despite the receptionist telling us all the construction stops at 6pm, some days it continued till 7pm. Most staff members are quite competent and friendly but I have found one girl (Ellen or Ely?) in the restaurant at 8th floor particularly unfriendly. Once my husband I went to have a breakfast there and although there was one other guest in the whole space, she told me to take a smaller table because she is expecting the place to be full. We did not follow her instruction and took a bigger table for 4 by the window and from the beginning till the end of our breakfast, only two more guests arrived. She seemed angry the whole time we were there. What a nice way to begin a day! Next day at the breakfast I could not find a clean plate to put my food from the buffet so I asked the same girl, politely, may I have a plate?. She goes on with her chores without answering me so I said excuse me? and she answered me with a very loud YES (as in I heard you!). She also did not bring me the tea I asked for. As I mentioned, all other personnel I dealt with were polite and professional but it only takes only one person to destroy the whole experience in such a small establishment. Oh, and one last thing, we are in our late 30s but sometimes we found the lighting in the room too dim. It would have been nice if we had a choice to dim it or brighten it.	
	VERY GOOD VALUE	We stayed here 3 nights and we liked hotel with very clean and nice room good view and best service. The price not expensive and good value	
Nov 2 2009 	Good place for an overnight airport stay	I stayed here for a single night, after arriving from a long flight from Newark, and before traveling on to Nanjing, China. The Ramada was easy to get to, with convenient free shuttle service to and from the airport. The room was large and clean, with a nice enclosed balcony area. I had a reasonably priced Chinese dinner in one of the hotel restaurants, the Brasserie, and had a good night's rest with almost no airplane noise.My journey the next morning to Nanjing was quite interesting, as I took the Maglev train into the city, then two subway rides to the Main Rail station, where I was able to catch one of EIGHTY bullet trains which run between Shanghai and Nanjing EACH DAY. Crowding on the subway was quite excessive, even on a Saturday morning. Pollution was not bad in Shanghai, but terrible in Nanjing. People everywhere were quite friendly...not a trace of anti-American feeling.I would gladly stay at the Ramada Pudong Hotel on a future trip.	
	good value and location	This is definitely not to be compared to international chains but the hotel is clean, efficient, and staff is very helpful. Just not used to having people smoke all around you and having 3 dedicated non smoking floors where people still smoke in the hallways...Location, quite convenient to walk 5 mins to the shopping street. If you are a single male, BE PREPARED to be solicited once you walk off the front drop off for massage by a bunch of men. Just keep walking and they get the drift.The room is smaller but then, just for sleeping and cleansing right? The washroom took up 50% of the entire room, with a separate shower and tub.I only stayed 1 night and it was acceptable but if I had to stay longer, i may have some issues with the cleanliness as I found many condom wrappers between the bed and night table and I was not looking! If you are travelling with a family, I would highly recommend a quick once over to make sure the room is G rated and the kids will not ask you why there is an end of a ketchup packet beside the bed.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great accomodation let down by a terrible restaurant	We loved our room at URBN, the design and style was amazing and the hotel staff were attentive. The location is great. The restaurant was disappointing though, and really detracted from our experience. The food was oily and uncreative, one dish was so oily i physically felt ill and didn't finish it. The manager of the restaurant was also quite rude, which really was a shame given how much we enjoyed the other aspects of the hotel. I would stay there again...but will be going out to eat!	
May 4 2009 	Beautiful Setting Quiet Convenient Location.... Nice.	When our driver [the owner of the company we were here to visit] pulled in the front gate, he asked us to please wait in the car so he could make sure we were in the right place... I picked out the hotel several weeks before, so I knew what to expect, but, the place was a surprise to my local escort... Turns out that he had a hard time believing that such a beautiful place was actually a hotel.! The location is easy to reach by car or Metro line 1, just off HengShan Road about 200 yards from the HengShan Road Metro station. If you're not familiar, this area of Shanghai is what I would call &quot;inner city residential&quot;. Mostly residences [lots of ex-pats] with many local restaurants and bars... Four Metro stops [about 10 minutes, cost RMB 3 each way] from city-center [People's Square/Nanjing Rd].I picked this hotel from recommendations here and I'd say the previous reviewers were spot-on... The hotel grounds are beautiful, the hotel is older, but well-maintained. Overall, it's a very nice place and for a very reasonable [for inner city Shanghai] price.The rooms are a good size and 4-star quality [see photos]. Furnishings are a bit dated but spotlessly clean. The bathrooms are 4.5-star with updated granite and all the usual amenities. The bed was firm, but, not as hard as others I've slept on in China. The pillows were plentiful, large and just right. In-room safe, decent TV, free internet and small mini-bar complete the picture. There is a balcony that is shared between two rooms, so, the balconies were all locked for security. You could not go out on the balcony at all.. A small disappointment, but, I was glad the hotel was safety-conscious. There was a small breakfast buffet with most of the usual Chinese and Western breakfast foods... It was ok... not great, not bad... Coffee was pretty good...I suppose my only small complaints were... 1.The front desk staff was a bit dour. No smiles at all, but, very efficient service... and.. 2. The electrical outlets were a bit old/loose.. You had to jiggle wires a bit to get things like laptop and phone chargers to stay powered... Minor inconveniences... I would definitely stay here again.	
	Hidden Gem in Pudong	This hotel proves that Pudong is a great base for a Shanghai visit.We stayed here for half the price that we paid for our Puxi-side hotel, but we were very comfortable nonetheless. Outstanding Courtyard hotel, with marble lobby and foyer. The staff graciously granted our request for extra towels too. Room service was satisfactory and everything was clean. The bathroom is immaculate, with a deep tub and two massage showerheads, perfect for a tiring day of exploration.Within walking distance were a few Chinese and international restaurants, a shopping center, a subway exit. The Pudong sights are one or two subway exits away and People's Square is the exit after those.Free wifi would have made our stay perfect, but internet access was just too expensive.If you're on a budget but want to stay in a comfortable hotel that's nearby the main attractions in Shanghai, this is the place for you.	
Nov 15 2009 	Beautiful hotel compound	This hotel is composed of several different buildings set back from the street in a compound with gardens and trees, so it's very quiet and pretty. Staff and service were excellent and cooperative. They were always ready to answer questions and provide sightseeing advice, though there was one person at the front desk who's English was not up to par. Room was very nice and had a small balcony. While not in the city center, a cheap taxi ride gets you there in 20 minutes or so. Considering the cost savings, it's well worth staying here.	
Oct 26 2009	A great Introduction to China!	My family of 4 stayed at this hotel at the beginning of our 2 week holiday as part of a small group tour. Hubby &amp; I stayed in a double room that was quite small, our teenage children shared a twin room that was much larger. At the time, we all found the beds to be very hard, but further into our holiday we realised that this was nothing compared to beds in other hotels!Breakfast was a mixture of western hot food/toasts (but not much in the way of cereals) &amp; interesting local foods. The mushrooms particularly were delicious. TIP for westerners who like their cup of tea/coffee bring your own bags &amp; little sachets of UHT (long life) milk to make a cuppa in your room. Milk is usually powdered in China &amp; generally hard to come by. The tea served at breakfast was very weak &amp; the coffee almost undrinkable!There is an ATM in the hotel lobby.The surrounding neighbourhood was safe to explore at night, just a few blocks from impressive department stores with lots of interesting local stores/streets/alley ways on the way.	
Oct 30 2008 	Loved the location	We were on a textile tour and our US guide had been to China 32 times. So she knew Shanghai. The hotel is being remodeled so get a room facing the street. I had two different rooms on two different occasions and had no problems. Everything was clean and the rooms were huge. I could walk right out of the hotel across the street to People's Park and never felt unsafe. The breakfast buffet was huge. I loved their fried potatoes....and the tomatoes were very fresh. I also ate some of the regional vegetables and meat. I did not drink the coffee as it was very strong. I loved the stay there. I can still hear the street saxaphone player outside the window......I also had some laundry done for a reasonable price. It came back the same day, folded very neatly and ironed better than I could. I would definitely go back.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great room Great service Great City	My wife and I stayed here for a week in May 09. I used priority club points and received a nice suite upgrade due to my status. The room was very large, modern, clean and comfortable with lounge area, large desk and very soft bed. We were welcomed with fresh fruit and bottled water was supplied for us a couple of times a day. A bit noisy with the windows open, but high up and nice view of Pudong. The bathroom was also very nice. Large, clean, nice amenities. I highly recommend the club intercontinental upgrade that gives you access to the lounge on the top floor. There is a very nice breakfast buffet and menu. It's not extensive, but refined, fresh and more than adequate. There are always drinks and snacks to be had there after shopping, sightseeing etc. It's very reserved and businesslike, but we felt comfortable even though we were dressed casually for sightseeing/shopping.The service is very good and the staff is very well-trained. A bit formal, but if it does make you uncomfortable, it's nice. Everyone smiles and asks if you need anything.Front desk, door staff, concierge were all incredibly friendly and accomodating. If you ask for directions, advice, tips on how to get somewhere, you are almost overwhelmed with friendly response, but it was all welcome and comfortable. We were in search of the best dumplings and shopping and we got all kinds of interesting suggetions and help.We ate one night in the noodle restaurant and it was very good. Don't miss the tourist tunnel under the river!!!	
Sep 15 2009	Wonderful hotel at a reasonable price	We started our Grand Circle tour at the Royalton Hotel. It was a beautiful Western style hotel with an amazing breakfast buffet. We came back through Shanghai on our own after the tour and stayed at the Royalton again. We had left some bags with them, so we wouldn't have to carry them along on the rest of the tour, and we were so glad they had this service. The breakfast buffet has everything one could desire, from Chinese breakfasts to eggs, bacon, fruit, pastries, etc. They even have an omelet station. The other restaurants at the hotel are wonderful. A bar with a short menu is available in the lobby area. The other restaurant located on the ground floor serves great food from a more continental menu. The restaurant on the second floor offers a variety of Chinese selections. We ate at all of these and never had a bad meal, but our favorite was the second floor Chinese menu. The French Concession was a short taxi ride from the hotel, and an amazing section of the city we did not see on our tour. We walked to the Bund from the French Concession, and while it is a long walk, it was such an interesting perspective of the city. We felt like we lived there. So, yes, the Royalton is a long way from the Pudong airport, but for the money and the style, we would gladly go back there.	
Nov 18 2009 	Improvement needed to meet the standards of Mariott	The setting of the rooms are good but there is still room for significant improvement, specifically on the following topics :1) internet connection very slow2) room sometimes very cold3) breakfast times do not correspond with the times indicated in the guest services directory. Directory says 6.00 am, in reality it is 6.30 am and, even then, staff was not fully ready.4) Beers in the Zpark bar are not served in the appropriate glasses.At this stage I would not recommend this hotel but could revise my opinion if the general service level is improved. I consider that the above topics could be fixed rather quick.Luc Godefroidluc.godefroid@us.henkel.com	
Aug 13 2009 	ok but nothing special	We stayed here at the end of a tour around China arriving in the early hours after being delayed due to the weather. At check in the staff were rather uncommunicative and after giving us our room didn't even point us in the direction of the lift let alone assist us with where to find our room or help us with our luggage. Rooms were clean and adequately equipped but nothing to write home about and more like a fairly low quality 3* hotel than the 4* it is advertised as. Breakfast was ok with a reasonable range of options but not of a comparable standard to other 4* hotels I have stayed in across Asia.Fine for a night or two as a base in Shanghai but i am sure there are better options around.	
	Nice location nice hotel	I stayed here for 2 nights. I have other 2 Renaissances in Shanghai (Yangtze &amp; Pudong) in recent past and must say this is the best of the three. The location is perfect for yuyuan Garden, bund (closed for reconstruction), Taxi base-rate ShinTenDi distance. The entrance is a small hall, where the elevator takes you to the 4th floor Lobby. This lobby is very huge and spacious; also connected is the restaurant area for breakfast- and diner-buffet. The rooms are spacious too with usual soft beds with lots of pillows; I love this style. The bathroom comes with separated shower-cabine and bathtub. The breakfast buffet assortiment is clearly more then average used to in similar hotels. One little point of critics.... I missed the shaving-kit on the room, which I assume come standard since it was in the Yangtze and in Renaissance Suzhou. Would go here next time again.	
Nov 19 2009 	i loved this hotel	far away from the traditional heavy style hotels around the city.very kind personnel, beautiful stylish spacious &quot;studio&quot; rooms.amazing gym, pool and spa service.very close to the international shopping area and the domestic airport. i will come back for sure.	
Nov 16 2009 	Should be higher up the rankings. Perfect Location	This hotel is great. In the french concession area. 5mins from Hengshan road metro station, 10mins on metro to Peoples square. 5 mins the other way to lots of shops and stuff. Beautiful park with black swans across the road. Nice pubs in walking distance. Dont stay near the Bund or city centre...too much building work and dust! This is great, nice big rooms, and HUGE breakfast if you so want. But theres a cafe across teh road which is very popular	
Nov 1 2009 	Hidden Gem. No Westin but perfectly fine.	Why would you want to stay there?* Value-conscious shopper* Be in the heart of the French Concession* Stay in a newish (though not brand new) establishment* Be able to get to the metro in under 5 minutes on foot. * Be close to bars and restaurants* Spotlessly clean, flat screen TV, comfy bed with good quality linen.Why wouldn't you want to stay there?* If you prefer generously proportioned roomsHow much?* expect to pay just under US$100 a night.This hotel is now my default choice when travelling for leisure.	
Nov 9 2009 	Top Notch Convenience for Business in Pudong and Beyond	The St. Regis Shanghai is very convenient to the Maglev station and PVG airport. This is a great location for doing business in Pudong, but might not be quite as good for sightseeing.The amenities and fixtures are on par with other St. Regis properties, however this hotel does not have an intimate feeling like some others. Definitely caters to business travelers and their needs. All services including checkin/out, breakfast, and the executive lounge happy hour went off without a hitch.Without repeating comments made by other travelers, the only major negative would be the bed. Although I was OK with it, this was by far the firmest bed myself and my colleague staying in another room have every encountered. If you are picky about your mattress you might not get a good night's rest.	
Nov 20 2009 	Ok but there are better hotels in Asia	Not as plush as other Asian hotels. Restaurant is just a little bit less than others, and so are the rooms. Bit old, bit noisy, bit small (compared to for example Renaissance).Also the lobby entrance felt more like a freezer due to a horrible draft from the outside stormy wheather.It also doesn't help that during our stay Obama was in town next door at the Ritz Carlton and that traffic around the hotel (and city) was completely blocked...	
Nov 2 2009 	Saved by the location	Originally booked with another hotel but because this was (highly) recommended by a friend, we've decided to give it a go. The hotel proved to be charming upon arrival with its colonial facade however, I was dismayed to be greeted by a waif of damp odour like an old hotel. But because my partner on the other hand was more hopeful than I was since we were booked for the Club Suite, we went along with it. My mood was immediately lifted when the lift door opened. The corridor was newly renovated and so was the room. It looked exactly how it was photographed on the website so that was a relief! The layout was sensible and very spacious which I appreciated, lighting was also sufficient. There was a letter of notification that renovation works are in place &amp; will take place between 9.30am to 4.30pm. Sadly, we were awoken by the incessant drilling &amp; knocking by 8am that went on what seemed like forever, which really disrupted our holiday. Another chief problem we had was the shower area. Even whilst showering, water seeped onto the floor outside the shower area. The bathroom was flooded throughout the whole time, there was so much water it didn't have enough time to dry. In short, if not for the ideal location this wing probably wouldn't be very popular because most reviews state 'quiet' but it wasn't at all. Besides the renovation, you can also hear the traffic whizzing by.	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice hotel	Ivy boutique hotel is lovely. Only problem we had was finding it after we got off the metro at jin'ang temple station. The hotel map made it look not so far away - however this map is not to scale!! Also others had said it was about 15min walk from the station...This is NOT true lol. The road the hotel is on is actually VERY long - as are the majority of roads in Shanghai! But after some disorientation in the rain and being very tired dragging luggage through the streets negotiating the traffic and other pedestrians. Took us around an hour in the end and we ended up doing a full circle! lol Didnt help that we didnt have nor could we remember the number of the building being 700-odd when we were at the 100-odd end of the road!!! Take a taxi! About 11Yuan within the area anyway. But anyhoo, hotel itself is quite nice. Passageways have quotes from films to add to the designer feel. A sitting area on our floor with clouds floating above and ornamental decor again added to this. The Ivy shows a movie each night on their big screen in the longe area - turned out to be the same move every night - Gone with the Wind - with no sound! Decor continues with the room theme...Rooms are nice, with coloured see-through screen separating the bedroom and bathroom! Little touches like the toiletries bag with many bits and pieces and the artwork on the wall. LAN connection for those who have laptops and wi-fin in the lobby area. Breakfast was a choice from chinese and american - some congee on the former and eggs and bacon from the latter. Coffee was goood! Staff very helpful and pleasant. Overall lovely hotel. Location could've been a little closer to the metro station but with taxi's being cheap its not that much of an issue. Just remember to carry the hotel card /address with you! Ivy could print a larger version to help the poor taxi drivers trying to read it in the dark!	
Nov 10 2009 	VERY GOOD FOR BUSINESS	Spent 3 nights here and enjoyed the services, clean and spacious rooms, gym, and terrific breakfast. The room was quite impressive for the size, cleanliness and decor. The complaint here is that the lights were insufficient for working, IMO. Room rate was quite good I thought.We had some meetings in the spacious lobby bar which has high prices for tea/coffee but this is not unexpected in such a hotel; but one of our meetings was held with complimentary beverages due to my local rep making a deal.  The gym is very large but the equipment is average; the size of facility and lack of staff or users made it more like a quiet cavern on that Friday night. Neighborhood had so many bars and nice restaurants, and I really liked the residential feel. There are tall and leafy cottonwood trees lining the avenue for a long distance, and many quiet residential buildings in this area. Plenty of tennis being played on the Saturday so activity is strong around the hotel. This is good.Recommended hotel and neighborhood.	
Nov 25 2009 	Value for money	At only 468 RMB this is a super hotel with big, clean rooms and great service.The breakfast and dinner choice is huge and quality can't be better.A metro station close by makes up for the somewhat out of centre position.	
Jun 7 2009 	Good Location Small Suites But Comfortable	The Hotel Location is perfect, close to the downtown. The Suites are pretty comfortable with one Living room, a Kitchenette &amp; a bedroom. If you want to cook something then its a good place. The rooms on higher floor gives good view &amp; people seem to know this place very well.	
	Japan-China youth friendship tour!	i went to Shanghai and stayed at this rainbow hotel, and i think it was pretty good, compared to the other hotels in China. This hotel provides English staffs(some even speak Japanese) so we had no problem staying here. Theres also a Japanese supermarket nearby.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great facilities and rooms	I've stayed here multiple times and again in Nov. 2009. The rooms are very functional, clean, and just right. The plugs, internet, desk, phone etc. are all very nice. The location near Century park is good or bad depending on what you want to do. Others have complained about not much around, which is true for the immediate area, but if you go one direction for about 1 km, you get to the MTR station and that will get you to all the hustle and bustle in less than 30 minutes. In the other direction, for about 1 km, you will get a nice group of restaurants (some western), Carrefour, Starbucks etc. Both are relatively easy walking distance. I usually walk down to the Starbucks for an expensive cup of coffee and get some pastry near by. If you want to be somewhat more adventurous, you can walk to the next block in the morning and get a traditional Chinese breakfast for a song (a meat bun is 1.2 yuan - less than 20 cents USD). There is also a Family Mart right across the street where you can get water and other quick stuff. Since my business in further east than the hotel, this is a good place for me. The rates are really good for Shanghai. During this trip, I also stayed at the Crowne Plaza right next door and the Renaissance is much, much better.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great place to stay - comfortable rooms tasty food great service!	Some of the best parts of this hotel: the fitness center and spa is well-kept, there are individual televisions for the elliptical machines, and even yoga and judo classes offered. The pool, according to one of my colleagues, was very clean but over-chlorinated.The breakfast buffet is wonderful: you can go Asian, go American, go British, go Japanese... there's everything. Dim sum, omlettes, pancakes, French toast, melon, mangoes, corned beef hash, smoked salmon, salad, banana bread, croissants, cereals, juices.... the list goes on. One warning - there is a smoking section, as there are still plenty of smokers in the world that need to be catered to. The smoke DOES waft over occassionally to the non-smoking section, but hey, nothing's perfect.The rooms are very clean, luxurious bedding (I wanted to take home the pillows!), nice decor, flat screen TVs, transitional/modern fixtures, free wifi... I only gave four stars for the room because one time, I came back to my room, and the gentleman cleaning the room was obviously sick - sniffling and coughing all over the place. Not wanting to get sick during my stay, I was understandably dismayed by the germs he was spreading while cleaning the faucets, counters, etc. I wanted someone to reclean the room after he left!Since cabs are so inexpensive (literally, $3-5 to most places!), the location is fine. Be careful of where your room is, though; since the hotel is at a well-travelled fork of sorts, the traffic horns in the morning can wake you up (if you want to sleep in.)The hotel has a park, along with a convention hall/center and several villas. I went for a jog throughout, and though it was short, it was wonderful to have so much greenery on hand in the middle of a such an industrial and bustling city.I suggest that anyone travelling to this hotel, and to Shanghai in general, take a little pocket Engligh-Chinese dictionary, and maybe even take some Chinese CDs from the library before travelling. English is not spoken widely, so past &quot;hello!&quot; and &quot;thank you!&quot;, a lot of the staff, like approximately 75%, didn't know what I meant when I asked for a pharmacy, a drug store, or place to buy medicine. But charades goes a long way!The concierge desk was come and go; the head concierge is extremely knowledgeable, but the others are iffy. Make sure you have them write down on a card where you intend to go in Chinese, so you can show this card to the taxi driver.Bon voyage!	
Nov 25 2009 	Next door to railway station	Just next door to railway station, I checked out 30 minutes before train departed, nice room and service, food is average, good value in the center of Shanghai.	
Oct 11 2009	Nanjing Hotel	Very convienent location. Nothing flash but clean and had everything you needed. I wouldn't bother with the breakfast.	
Nov 24 2009 	LOVELOVELOVE THIS HOTEL!!!	Have stayed at 88 Xiantiandi three times now and it is always a treat. Huge rooms you hardly want to leave. Curtained bedroom area. Fabulous bed, great pillows, spacious and stylish lounge/suite area, fully equipped for the business traveler, great lighting and electronics. Delicious breakfast buffet. Now, if only the hotel could make sure it woudn't rain when I come to town. It is also a 5 minute walk to Green Massage and YPlus Yoga, which are both fantastic and make for a perfect day.	
	Great Hotel - Highly recommended	Stayed here in July 2009 for 3 nights on a business trip. The room is spacious and clean. The bathroom is beautiful with great view. Excellent service.	
Nov 24 2009 	excellent hotel	the room are very well equiped and very clean ; the decoration is nice and the bed is very confortoable. This is really a top hotel and the area is nice for small shops and restaurant where you can eat typical chinese food. the hotel is nevertheless far from the city center but with cab this is not too much of a problem. Breakfast buffet is amazing and provide a great choice of excellent products	
	Wonderful Hotel	We stayed at Le Meridien during our Shanghai part of our China trip. I had a cold and was feeling a little miserable when we arrived. But as soon as I entered the room, I had forgotten my cold! Our room was on the 36th(?) floor and the view was wonderful. Although the room was not large, it felt spacious. The furnishing was modern contemporary. My husband liked the rain shower. The location of the hotel was ideal for sightseeing. The only thing was internet was not included, and we thought we could do without. (We had internet with our previous China hotels and we thought we did not use it that much. But we missed it here when we had no access.)We are thinking about returning China in a year or two, with our children. We would love to stay at Le Meridien again.	
Oct 25 2009 	Nice hotel but to be avoided by tourists	Nothing wrong with this hotel. nice rooms and good breakfast. However if you are visting Shanghai you should not stay there. This hotel is targetted for business travelers who have business there not for tourists. There is nothing to do or see around there. You can walk to the subway (10 minutes) but the ride to Nanjing Road will take an hour. If you take a taxi to the key places in Pudong that will cost you over 70rmb each time. This hotel is not to be confused with the other Crowne Plaza which is also in Pudong but is better located.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great building terrible service	We're regular visitors to Sofitel properties in China and parts of Europe. Typically the staff is very well trained and attentive. This place was a disaster. We were transiting through Shanghai for one night, and our reservation was made by a GM from another Sofitel property. After attempting to check in on the Exec floor we were told we couldn't stay on that floor because the reservation wasn't showing as an Exec floor res. That was the highlight of the stay...The lobby staff (concierge) was dismissive and had no interest in helping us. Honestly, this place was SUCH a disappointment it's hardly worth the time to review it...	
Jun 27 2009	Was treated like dirt when we complained about being stolen	My family and I stayed at the Jianguo Hotel in Shanghai. On June 15, 2009 my sister noticed her makeup kit was missing, My nephew noticed that his eye contact solution was also missing. 8 of my fish cloisonne were also missing. We did bring this up to the front desk. They did come to our room immedately. They took a statement from us and them promptly called us back an hour later to tell us that they contacted the maid and her manager and said that they did not believe she did it. I would not recommed this hotel. I also learned that if I would have called the police that they would have made the hotel reimburse us for the stolen items.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Location Cheap hotel Werid smell	This is really a weird hotel, sure some parts of it needs renovation.Good things: It has a great location, subway (People Sq) is 1 min walk from hotel, 10 min walk from a large shopping area, size of single rooms are good, cheap price compared to its ratings, helpful stuff.Bad things: very smelly reception and base floor, average room cleanness (good compared to China standard), very very noisy areaOverall I recommend it.	
	Clean and comfortable	The Holiday Inn Downtown Shanghai isn't really downtown. Okay, it's very close to Shanghai Station, there is easy access to the subway and the bus stop for Pudong Airport is right behind the hotel - but it is not really where you want to be if you are interested in shopping or entertainment. On the other hand, the doormen are always ready to hail a taxi and to explain to the driver where you want to go. The hotel is well up to the Holiday Inn standard, with a pleasant lobby bar. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The orange juice in the minibar can be recommended. I have stayed at the hotel on each of my half dozen visits to Shanghai and I have never been disappointed.	
	Better than expected - comfortable and easy and would go back.	stayed 20 daysGood points-hotel is much better than average Holiday Inn - has a swank feel about atrium and decor in public areas.friendly staffgood size room with stylish decorexcellent business loungeindoor swimming pool but heavily chlorinated and in need of some tlc or revampbad points -hotel appears to tolerate a couple of spivs offering sex with local ladies who hang around on pavement right outside hotel so expect to be asked if you want massage with happy ending with good time ladies everytime you leave the hotel. 2 individuals in particular wre there every day for 3 weeks.Irish bar is very empty apart from a smattering of local ladies.	
Oct 31 2009 	Just Reasonable	From outside it looks like it is a new hotel but it actually is a old hotel. Some rooms have been recently refurnished. However, I did not very much like it. I wouldn't call it 5* quality at all.The best thing is its revolving restaurant on 41st floor which lets you have a good view of the city. However, service in that restaurant is not up to the mark.	
Nov 4 2009 	Surprised!	Stayed at Shanghai Pullman Skyway on Oct 14 and 16..was really impressed by the sizes of the rooms on both stays! HUGE rooms with the comfy queen's sized bed and the toilet was sooo clean! The size of the room really threw me off guard...tv was good as well, with a wide selection of channels. It's about 15 min walk from Luban station, almost 40 minute cabride from Pudong airport. Breakfast at Zafraan was disappointing...the view from Le Ciel was awesome though.	
Sep 11 2009 	Good location 	This hotel is more like a mid to up market service apartment rather than a hotel, we spent 6 days and found it reasonable for the price as it is in an excellent location.The hotel is in a block about 8 floors high in the central of HuaiHai Road, the upmarket shopping street of Shanghai. The beauty of its location is that it is right above the Shanxi (South) road subway station on line#1. Sightseeing via both subway and buses is therefore very convenient even if you get tired of walking around the shopping street itself. The hotel staff are helpful and found us carpark space for our visiting friends as well as directed us to take the subway to the Shanghai circus station for a show called ERA, it was a fantastic show!The rooms are average size but we had a bigger room in the end of the block as we asked for a quiet room away from main streets where busy traffic can be seen or heard. The bathroom is a bit small but with sufficient accessories and fittings for a pleasant stay, bath and showers both work well. There are tea making facility in the room and also free broadband internet common in all China hotels. The furniture are adequate but slightly worn out. Breakfast was a good spread catering Chinese, Japanese and western style food in the top floor restaurant. Food quality is reasonable but juice and coffee are way below standard. For those who need coffee fix, there is a Starbucks next door and also a few fast food outlets across the street for those desperate for western comfort food. The Chinese style porridge is the best I have tasted since visiting HongKong but the eggs and omellettes were presented in a terrible mess. The hotel has bargains for business men who needs a room at last minute: every evening the hotel seems to have a sign selling single rooms at RMB530 inclusive of all facilities like car parking! (see photo)	
Oct 22 2009	Good Value Hotel but ...	We just returned from Shanghai and our stay at the BestWestern Ruite.We agree with previous reviews that the hotel is a bit out of the way, and there is no eateries near by except for the restaurant within the hotel itself. Having said that, the new subway line (only a block away) is now open. This made it very easy to get to other parts of Shanghai. Depending on where you are heading, you may need to make 1 or 2 transfers though. To get to Pudong or the Bund, it would take 2 transfers and approximately 30-40 minutes.As for the restaurant in the hotel, they served surprisingly good meals. For example, the beef soup noodle was generous, tasty, and reasonable by western standard - this, coming from Chinese Canadians who are accustom to good meals.As for the hotel itself, the lobby looked a little dated, but our room looked more up to date. Make sure you book and ask for the &quot;business&quot; rooms.The bathroom was a good size with a tub. Air conditioning worked great. The bed was on the hard side, but I didn't mind that. Internet was free but was on the slow side. Breakfast, not bad, was also included.We arrived via Pudong International Airport, which is a good 60 minute taxi ride through heavy traffic. We left via Hongqiao International Airport for Beijing. This ride is only at most 20 minutes ride from the hotel.I booked the hotel using my travel points. So I guess it was good value - if you don't mind the location.	
Nov 24 2009 	The Stall of the Golf Course very rude but this is the main reason to stay there.	I am going to bullet my experience:- location is an hour plus from Shanghai downtown, one way by hotel shuttle, fees- Western restaurant on location, the western food not so good, wine selection limited.- Chinese restaurant on location, Dynasty is more like cafeteria style (food is so so), Zen Den Herbal Restaurant food is good and staffs are friendly, some authentic dishes I enjoyed. The other Chinese restaurants are consolidated to Zen Den. Korean restaurant have not tried.- Spa is clean, staffs are friendly. - Golf, I did not play because I was turned off by the staff while checking out the golf course.- The other facilities ( go kart, archery, ping pong, pool) are just average at most.- Craft studio is closed,- From location you can hire a car and driver to take you to Suzhou City, Hangzhou City, Zhouzhuang, Da Guan Yuan Garden, Zhujiajiao, Shesshan. Beware time of travel takes longer than estimate due to weather and traffic congestion. The further the destination, allow more time than estimated. The drivers are very friendly but with limited English skill. Make sure to wear the seat belt as the drive by ifself is an experience.- The staffs have limited speaking skill.B.Fu, California	
Nov 21 2009 	Disappointed cannot be called an art gallery hotel	I read about this hotel from Business Traveler Magazine and had some expectations on the decor and design of this @Gallery Suites (Art Gallery Suites Hotel). However, when I entered into a tiny lobby with only one small piece of artwork, I began to doubt. Then, when I entered into my own suite (#301), I was very surprised as it is no where like what the BT Magazine described. My room has a plain green wall with no art work, no design and such. The room size is good but it was so noisy from car horns on the street from like six in the morning till mid-night. Service is okay but this new hotel definitely does not meet my expectation and I will not stay there again.	
Sep 2 2009 	An institution!	After reading some of the reviews and seeing some pictures, I have to admit it is not the best maintained hotel in the world. But it doesnt matter as this hotel has always been an historical institution and the location is fab,so close to the Bund!The staff was very kind and helpful when I went (New Year 2000-2001), I was 15 back then and had an amazing experience in Shanghai. i came back 5 years later I couldnt recognize anything cause it changes so fast!	
Nov 26 2009 	Solid Business Hotel - Excellent rooms firm beds	This is a very solid business hotel. The beds are nice and firm unlike the soft mattresses in the states that are murder on my back. Rooms are very well appointed in terms of lighting, bathroom, and supplies.Service is good if a bit on the cold side.Breakfast, which was included w/ our rooms, was good but by no means the best I have experienced in Asia.Location is close to Shanghai Mart - within walking distance if you dare to deal with crossing the street	
Nov 11 2009 	Good location for a quick first visit.	I decided to stay at the Howard Johnson as this was my first trip to Shanghai and I wanted to be in a fairly central location. Being a business trip of 3 days, time to see the city was also limited, so the central location worked well. Being right near Nanjing Rd, there are many shops - both individual and in shopping centres, and restaurants to choose from.The staff are pleasant and helpful, assisting me in trying to change a flight booking. Breakfast is the above average for the usual hotel buffet style however the price was a bit on the higher side. The hotel offers free internet in all rooms, which is very handy to have. I had a great view over the East Nanjing Rd pedestrian mall, the rooms were of good size, and the bathroom quite large. Complimentary bottled water is also provided each day, which is handy to have.I had one afternoon with 3-4 free hours, and decided to take a quick walk around the French Concession area. If I were to visit Shanghai again, I would most likely look for something in this area seeing as I have experienced 'central' Shanghai now.	
	excellent hotel	we stayed here 3 nights. we got good room and very good service. Staffs are very helpful the hotel is very clean and best	
	Very happy service	We always travel, and stayed in many hotels, what I really liked was the very helpful and happy staff !!	
Nov 2 2009 	In the heart of Huangpu District	In the heart of Huangpu District. Easy access to all the interesting points. 	
Oct 18 2009 	Great hotel for short/long term stay	Stayed at the Eversunshine hotel for 10 days during my business trip in October. We stayed on the 13th floor Duplex apartment and i will stay there again when next time in Shanghai.Rooms were very clean and all furniture and equipment was brand new. Bathroom was a highlight for me, especially the shower. On the main floor we had a fridge and stove and microwave. Neither of those got used during the stay, although i did store some fruits which were purchased in at the fruit stand around the hotel (next to Domino's Pizza ). Our room didn't include internet access so had to pay 40RMB ($6) extra per day for it.I think the hotel has a great location in Pudong area. You have a bank right in the building (another one across the road), several restaurants within couple minutes walking (there is a good one across the road in the building that says TF COFFEE), forgot the name of it, but great food and prices are very fair. Subway is not to far, about 12 minutes walking to Line 4 subway or 15 min walk to Line 2. Only problem i had with hotel is having taxi drivers find it, i always had to give directions (or more like point my way, since i haven't met a single cab driver who spoke English)	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Oasis in French Concession	We stayed here at the end of a multi-week trip around China, during which we slept on a lot of trains and in youth hostels, so it was our treat to ourselves. Although we paid way more than any other night in China (about $175 compared with an average of $30-$50 elsewhere, which is still far less than the equivalent place would be in North America) it was totally worth it. The buffet in the morning alone (for the 3 of us) made up some of the difference. Service was great - they brought us tea to our room on our arrival. The atmosphere is very much reminiscent of colonial days -- in our wing there were rooms where both Chiang Kai Shek and Mao had stayed -- with beautiful wood furniture and high ceilings. My 9 year-old daughter was able to feel a little more independent than at other places, because there are beautiful grounds and she could go outside and hang on a tree, yet your right in the middle of Shanghai. You don't have to pay for in-house services. We found a great massage place just about a block up Ruijin Road, for $12 for a full hour, and they were open late.	
Nov 8 2009 	Worst service and hotel in recent memory.	I booked a regular room at first and it was the smallest room I have ever seen. I was there only 2 nights so I let it go then I was taking a shower and the water suddenly went icy cold and it was winter in Shanghai. Fortunately, I was almost done with my shower or I would have frozen in the shower. I called the desk and there was no apology. I requested a transfer to the suite and paid double the price with no discount. The room was spacious but then the internet was not working - again no apology or discount and insisted that there was something wrong with my notebook. I could not accept it as it was working just a while ago in the small room I transferred from. Then I wanted to cook some food and I was told that I have to pay 10 yuan for each utensil. I would not stay again at this hotel even if it is free.	
Sep 9 2009 	You can find something better	Our room was pretty old but clean. On arrival we were upgraded to a big suite, which was a nice surprise, still they should refurnish the rooms.Breakfast was ok, nothing special though. The staff were not very friendly or helpful, a mix of not understanding and not caring.The hotel is far from everything, but a taxi ride to The Bund costs only about 25RMB, very cheap.I think you can find a better hotel for the same price.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Hotel but small rooms	My stay at the City Hotel was wonderful. Service was excellent, the front desk personnel spoke great English, and they were helpful in recommending sites and restaurants in the area and happy to call cabs for me in the rainy weather. The rooms were very clean, we had a nice view of the city, and the bathrooms were very nice. The only flaw with the rooms is that our room was the smallest I had during my stay in China, but it was worth it given the hotel's amenities and service. The hotel is in a very nice neighborhood, 2 blocks from a Starbucks serving breakfast and lunch, and with lots of cute stores nearby. I would stay at the City Hotel again without hesitation.	
Nov 23 2009 	Beautiful hotel - Most comfortable bed 	Stayed for a week 12-20Nov 2009 with 370 other travel agents for a conference. Hotel staff are exceptionally professional and very eager to assist where possible. Room service food is pretty good - very expensive though! There are quite a few great places to eat around there that are ridiculously cheap in comparison! Breakfast was a bit of a waste of money in most of our opinions - $50AUD for very little selection - again, there are so may places to eat near the hotel. The rooms are very clean but the furniture could use an upgrade. Bed was EXTREMELY comfortable as was the shower. Very quiet - couldn't hear anything in the hallways or other rooms at all. Get everything you can out of the Concierge - they really are a huge help in this city.	
Nov 16 2009 	Holiday Inn Shanghai Vista	clean room, comfortable, central location, ease of travel to most tourist spots, lots of restaurants in the surrounding with very affordable food.hotel room charge is reasonable. with Gym and indoor swimming pool, good workoutduring winter. 	
Oct 31 2009 	Good Price w/ standard	Not a convenient location, however, you can find many restaurants along Panyu Road. Room is clean w/ standard faciliites. The room price is very ok but Internet is charged at RMB 120 / day.	
Nov 22 2009 	top value	If you don't mind taking the Metro and waking short distances, then the Jinqiao HIE is for you. Shanghai is a rather pricey town and this accommodation stands for value. In my opinion --- a good location -just around the corner from Carrefour, an excellent takeout sushi stand and a couple fast food places. Yes, it is possible to Metro, Maglev in from Pudong-- I did it on the way back. From this hotel to Pudong airport- and with one wheeled suitcase ( not tons of luggage) just take Metro from Jufeng (line 6) to Longyang station ( line 2) and get on the Maglev straight to Pudong. Get more info if you google this route, and save some $$$. Oh yes ---FYI on the way IN from Pudong as taxi drivers seem to have a hard time finding this place. ...bring a map!!!!	
	Great location and helpful staff	We had one night at the New Harbour Hotel and the next day switched here. Fraser was perfect for us. The rooms were a bit small, but new and clean. We had a 2 bedroom with washer/dryer and full kitchen. Only negative was one bath for a family of 5, but we managed. They could do a bit better with the daily housekeeping (the trash cans are small and they did not empty them), but otherwise great place. The staff was so helpful and very patient with my 3 young boys. Breakfast for 2 was included at Element Fresh and we just bought extra. The location was great-we could walk everywhere! I highly recommend this place. Good business center and small gym, but had treadmills, weights, etc. Pool was a short walk located at the spa across the yard. Nice pool, but not great for kids since it was in the spa; will say the spa staff was patient with us.	
	Just not quite there yet...	Date of Stay: November 27-29,2009Room Type: Deluxe River Vie RoomUpgrade: noneAmount Paid Per Night: 3,800RMB (560USD) plus taxesReservation Method: Peninsula WebsiteLoyalty Card: NoneAirport/Hotel Transfer: Came with the hotel package but they picked me up at the Park Hyatt instead of the airport since I was just moving between hotels. The driver doesn't speak english at all, but I'm not all that chatty anyway. Location: It's directly on the &quot;main&quot; Bund area (which is under a lot of road work these days for the World Expo in 2010) just two blocks from Nanjing Road. Taxi's don't know where the hell it is but I suppose its because it's new. Check-in: check in counter was filled with staff but they can't seem to get it right, it took them 15 minutes to get my key to work but after 15 minutes they decided to just take me up first to the room and just send up the key later. (it finally took them 2 hours to do that because of some malfunction on the system)Room: The room was weird. it was big enough to be a Junior suite or at least a Grand Deluxe room. When you enter the door you have an anteroom, ahead is the door to the bedroom and to your left is the walk in closet. The problem was the window in the bedroom was on the corner and not as big as those on the photos, it was like just 1 meter wide, so you can see part of the Pudong Skyline (with the correct angle you can see the Pearl TV tower) and on the other side you can see another river. I'm not really particular about the view but the problem was the roof of the tent they placed in front of the window which obstructed the view even more. Like I said i'm really not particular about it but when you pay so much for a river view, you expect at least a descent one. I called the operator they said the front desk is busy but will call as soon as they can, i waited for an hour, literally finished watching the latest episode on Glee on the TV from my iPod.They eventually called after I called the operator again to follow up, at first they told me there is nothing they could do about it but they could move me to a suite the following day. When I told them that since I'm only in for 2 night and having just transferred after my first night at Park Hyatt I don't want to go through the inconvenience of moving to another room again. They finally showed another room a smaller one this time but it has the same problem because half the view was blocked by the hotel building. In fact from the bed, you can only see the other side of the huangpu river, the Pudong skyline could only be seen from the side where the work desk and TV are. So left between a bigger room with half a small obstructed view or a small room with the wrong view, we settled for the bigger room.Bathroom: is big, instead of the relief shown on the bathroom photos, they have a window. The shower stall was adequate, not really small but not as big as the one at Park Hyatt either. The toilet is pretty standard, I expected it to be automated like the ones at Peninsula Tokyo or Park Hyatt Beijing &amp; Shanghai, so I was quite disappointed when I said it wasn't .Bed: Bed was very comfortable not really too soft and not hard either, but the pillows were too soft, I use down feather pillows at home and they aren't that soft...your head literally sinks on it.. Breakfast: breakfast was chaotic, it felt more like a Chinese restaurant at lunch hour than a hotel lobby and it wasn't even because of the hotel guests. You'd expect that after a month the staff would be a bit better in what they were doing than that and the american breakfast was served cold. Check-out: Check out okay but when I was going up to my room from breakfast I told the guy at the front desk that I am running a bit late for my flight and could they print my stuff so we could make it faster. But when I got down I was surprised they didnt do anything given that the front desk didnt have much guests so they werent even too busy to accede to my request.Overall Evaluation: The Peninsula never made it feel like that I was special or welcome. Okay, the &quot;Good Morning&quot;. &quot;Zhao shang hao&quot;, &quot;nin hao&quot;, is perfunctory so it doesn't really count. They won't even greet you when you pass the front desk, they would be busy minding their own stuff talking to other staff. I really have to say it wasn't very welcoming. They also have to work on their English, I have been to China so many times that I'm pretty much used to the level of English they use, but even for a new hotel (having stayed at the Le Royal Meridien and Hyatt on the Bund just months after they opened) I have to say the Peninsula staff just doesn't cut it. Would I stay there again? I doubt I would ever come back, on my next trip I might just stay at the Park Hyatt instead since they did offer a room upgrade on my next visit or the Fairmont might be open by then.	
Oct 8 2009 	Decent hotel interesting location	This hotel is actually inside a soccer stadium. If you stay in a room between 1st and 9th floor you won't have a street view (you will be looking at the inside/lobby of the stadium. The basic rooms are slow but very clean and well-equipped. The hotel has a nice restaurant which serves great breakfast (combination of Chinese and western food). It has a health spa in the lobby which looks plush from the outside. There are some stores and a bar also located in the stadium. Not sure if there is anything else nearby. Overall, not crazy about the location but the hotel itself is very nice as a 4-star facility.	
Apr 22 2008 	Mixed feelings	I stayed at this hotel last year in march. Actually, I was rather satisfied with my choice but there are a few issues which contribute to a lower rating. Advatages:- Beautiful rooms. In my opinion, one of the nicest hotel rooms I have ever been to. They are big, very clean, equipped with everything one could need and have a special atmoshere.- Friendly and helpful staff.- Nice common areas with Chinese influence in furniture and architecture.Disadvatages:- Location. There is nothing of interest in that area, even no posibilities to have a drink. The only way (exept taxis) to get to the Bund is taking a bus (up to half an hour!!) and it is complicated to find the bus station, especially on the way back from the Bund to the hotel.- Breakfast is tasteless and served in ugly rooms, partly without windows. - No spa area in the hotel (at least I couldn't find any)- Appearance from outside is nothing special, just a simple block which cannot be compared to the stunning hotel architecture in Shanghai (but this is a minor issue)To sum it up, I do not regret having stayed in the Golden Jade Sunshine but there are surely better choices.Shanghai as a city is well worth a visit. It does not have the same historical and cultural feeling as Beijing but is a perfect example if you want to see how a nation's national economy can prosper. Quaters like Pudong, the Bund or Nanjing street as well as the French quater and also other places are just gorgeous, whereas the &quot;old city&quot; and everything else connected with Chinese traditions is disappointing. All in all, I loved Shanghai and hope to return one day but prefer Beijing.	
Nov 20 2009 	Good quality nothing special	Stayed here only 2 nights during a business trip. People at the desk, not so nice, no welcome smile at all! Room is average size, but has some plus as a small kitchen (microwave and sink). There are two breakfast rooms: one the the ground floor, with a good choice but too crowded and another on the 14th (... well I do no remember exactly the floor...). This one is reserved only if you have a superior room, so few people in, but very poor choice in my opinion. Position is good, especially if you love italian luxury brands: Gucci and Bottega Veneta shop doors just next to the hotel entrance.	
	Excellent experience	We thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. My partner and I spent 8 nights there on vacation after a planned business trip was cancelled. We'd stay there again for either reason. The location is excellent -- 2 blocks from the Jing'An Temple metro station, in walking distance of People's Square, the French Concession and other tourist sites, and a short taxi ride to most of the places tourists go.We found our room at an amazingly low price for a Ritz -- easily less than half of what I'd expect to pay in the US and elswhere, so we were willing on arrival to upgrade to the Executinve Club level. It was worth it. This gave us 24 hour access to very helpful staff, snacks and drinks, and free business services, including internet access, plus breakfast in the morning and happy hour in the evenings. I'd highly recommend the splurge, especially since there is a charge for internet in the rooms.The rooms were up to luxury hotel standards in every way and offered good views of the city. Some on this site have described the hotel as &quot;cold,&quot; and I guess it's in the eye of the beholder. (I'm sure my mother would agree.) I found the hotel to be elegant and beautiful.The hotel is part of complex with 2 resiodentail towers for expats and a small shopping center. It was a bit too much like home for my taste (Tony Roma's, California Pizza Kitchen), but I have to admit I liked having a supermarket selling western items there, and I did go to the Starbucks. There are actually restuaurants there for many tastes, and I ate at a very good Chinese restaurant that seemed to attarct locals as well as foreigners.My only concerns -- service was inconsistent regarding the little things, like turn down, and newspaper delivery, which always occurred, but differently each day. The concierege desk could best be described as unengaged -- one sentence anwers, quick recommendations rather than asking a few questions to find out what might be best for the custormer, that sort of thing. All in all though, this was a very nice place to stay.	
	Felt cheated on extras	The location is good but has lot of construction going on. Watch out for what is being charged extra in this hotel. A laundry bag could cost you USD$ 7/-.	
Nov 16 2009 	Enjoyed our stay at this great hotel	We stayed here for a couple of nights as part of a tour group. From our room on the tenth floor, we had a great view of the city. Included with our room was a buffet breakfast with both western and Chinese food. The place is conviently located and there is a large shopping mall within walking distance. We enjoyed lunch in one of its restaurants, E Cafe, which reminded us somewhat of Starbucks and had pastries and sandwiches along with excellent coffee and tea.	
Sep 27 2009 	Best Service ever!!! Incredible Staff	Very helpful staff!! made our stay unforegettable experience.... Well Done!	
Nov 15 2009 	Be prepared to pay for the air you breath	This hotel is exactly what to expect from a business hotel in a rather uninspiring place such as Shanghai can be: professional service, clean and functional rooms, good international breakfast and SPA.The only issue I had with them was that they made me (or try to) pay for anything they could: when I checked in the tried to upsell me an upgrade to the executive floor, which I was about to accept until I discovered that I had to pay if I wanted to bring in a guest in the lounge; next I went to the business center to print some documents and they wanted to charge me for the time I needed to access my email to retrieve the documents, fortunately a bit of reasoning with the attendant saved me the money; last but not least they charged me to get into the sauna, this I couldn't escape as I really needed some relax but I never heard before such a charge.	
Nov 14 2009 	A great place to stay for a few days	I stayed here for 5 days and really enjoyed the layout of the apartment (1 bedroom) and its proximity to Peoples Square and the subway - directly behind the Raddison Hotel.The apartments are cleaned everyday and I found all the staff friendly. I had vouchers for breakfast but only used them on one occasion. I preferred to find something down the street or drop into Starbucks which is 2 minutes away.The apartment is well layed out - the only thing it didnt have was a washing machine.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great if you have an early flight to catch	I stayed at this hotel for one night as I was in transit in Shanghai. The hotel is ideally located at the airport, in between Terminal 1 and Terminal 2, just above the Maglev station. My room was nice and clean. The only downside was the fact that as my room was next to the lift, I could hear people shouting (literally) outside of my front door, so did not get much sleep at all. I wasn't the hotel's fault, as it was just down to some inconsiderate guests.Reception staff were polite and friendly.	
	Best View of Pudong and Bund	This is my first review, however, i consider myself to be a traveler. I have stayed in the hotel several times, 3 times to be exact. Many of the reviews are inline with my my views. LOBBYThe lobby is spacious and open. But because the function rooms are on the same floor, it can get busy but not crowded when there is an event, as it is in the back of the lobby. VIEW / BUND SUITEThe view is fantastic, only if you get a room with a riverview, however, due to the shape and design of the building, it can be tricky to get a view. The best view is reserved for Bund suite, and floors higher than 12th. The bund suite provides you with a 180 degree panoramic views, providing you with views of Pudong and the Bund. The layout is very nice and trendy, High tech, and very comfortable beds. Everything about the Bund Suite says, dont leave the room. OTHER ROOMSHowever the other rooms have less view. its either city view, or Bund view. If your room happens to be close the elevators, then your view is restricted. If your room is closer to the bund suite (and on the eastern tower) you will be able to getter a much better view (make sure its a riverview room). However, once in the room, and not taking the view in your criteria, the rooms are very nice, relaxing and comfortable. Try to get rooms from the 16th floors and above.If you get a club room, i wouldnt bother with the breakfast in the club lounge, go the restaurant on the western tower-level 2. I must say it has one of the best breakfast buffets but the lunch and dinner can do with more improvement, however, its still better than most 5 star hotels lunch/dinner buffets out there. The Restaurant on the second to last floor on western tower, is extremely over-priced, while the food is good, i wouldnt say its value for money. The Chinese restaurant on the lobby floor is nice, but slightly over-priced.Top floor (western tower) Terrace: That is a must see feature, whether you stay at the hotel or not. bring your camera, and shoot away at night. However, I recommend you make a reservation, even if its for 30 mins or less. The staff at the terrace bar, can be non-accommodating and say its reserved. waited before for 30 mins, and still no customers came. I just wanted to take pictures. Btw, shanghai lights are dimmed or turned of at 10pm, so if you want amazing pictures of the lights of shanghai, go beforeSTAFFDuring my 3 stays, i havent found any fault with any staff member, from the front desk to the housekeeping, however, the concierge, while the provide detailed information, never seem to have a smile on their face. but overall, not much complaints in that area either. OUTSIDEYes, currently there is a lot of construction around the hotel. However, anywhere on the bund has construction! until the World expo begins in May 2010, shanghai is a construction site, not just next to the hotel.	
Nov 21 2009 	Centrally located convenient and roomy	We stayed here for 6 nights and booked here based on TripAdvisor reviews. We were so glad that we did! We booked a 3 bedroom apartment for 4 people. One room was a queen sized bed, one had only a twin bed in it, and the third room had two twin beds with a TV. All rooms had individual air conditioning and heating units. We got a great deal on Expedia.The hotel/apartment is located across the street from a mini-market, which was convenient for snacks and essentials (unfortunately it did not have any fruit or veggies but did have meat, coffee and eggs). The hotel is located 2 blocks from the Line-8 (blue line) Metro stop at Dashije. This made accessing the metro very convenient. People Square, Nanjing Lu, and Old Town/Yuyuan Gardens are an inexpensive 12 RMB taxi ride away (People Square may be walkable but it was very cold when we were there). You can take the Maglev (50 RMB) to the green line (I think its line 3, but not sure), and then transfer to Line 8 (blue line) to get to the hotel or take a taxi ride which should be no more than 130 RMB depending on traffic.Check-in took a bit of time as it required all passports to be written down on a form by the registration staff. They had our reservation correctly and the english was understandable. There is a doorman and always people to help get you a taxi if you need it. There are many restaurants nearby and on your way to the Metro. There is also a bakery nearby for some early morning treats. Our rate did not include complimentary breakfast, which was a bit pricey, so we did not try that. We also did not try the internet. We did however use the laundry self-service which was 15 RMB for a wash and 15 RMB for a dry for 5 kg of laundry (about $5 US for a small load). The pool was closed for the winter so we did not try that. As reported by other Trip Advisor posts, there was construction going on in the hotel. We were on the 4th floor and it sounded like it was above us. It did not bother us so much as it ended by 6pm each day and did not start until about 9am.I really enjoyed our stay as the apartment was very roomy and the location was centrally located to all that we wanted to see. Unfortunately, the Bund was still under construction, so we did not get to see that, but we did see it from the Pudong side. The rooms were large with comfortable bedrooms and good sized clean bathrooms. The kitchen was a bit small and included a refridgerator/freezer, stove, microwave, sink and water cooler. We chose not to pay to rent our kitchen equipment (10 RMB a day) and instead bought a pan and used paper plates/utensils. The water cooler was a life-saver as it actually boils water, so we were able to have coffee/tea, ramen, etc. for our first night even though we had not yet bought our pan. The living room included a couch and two side chairs and a TV. There were many channels on the TV including english stations. The service was great with daily maid service and they gave us 3 gallons of bottled water for the water cooler upon arrival. There were also shampoo, body lotion and hand soap dispensers and a hair dryer in each bathroom. If I were to visit Shanghai again, I would definitely chose to stay at this hotel again!	
Nov 18 2009	Beautiful incredible fancy great amenities	Simply wow ! This was another wonderful surpirse on my Pacific Delight Tour. Hotel is located a good distance away from the main shopping areas by the river, however it's a good location (only one block to the subway). BTW - the subway system is probably the most beautiful clean and modern in the world. It was a short trip to Pudong. The hotel is also located next to the soccer stadiums that were used for the Olympics and the is a pretty good mall a block away.The lobby is luxurious, staff is amazing. The restaurants are far above what I expexted. There is even a little ice cream shop and a small casual snack restuarant if you just want a casual drink and a sandwich. There is also a luxurious restaurant with entertainment. Business center with very cheap internet. My room wasa spacious and smarlty decorated, bathroom was very large with a large sink and counter. My view was so cool - I could see the stadiums. Don;t miss a ride on the glass elevator at nightime.	
	Above the clouds	Dont be mislead by the title, my stay in the Park Hyatt is not like walking on cloud 9, in fact you can say its the opposite. I am just stating the fact that at being on the top floors on one of the tallest building in the world, it is literally above the clouds. Date of Stay: November 26,2009Room Type: Park RoomUpgrade: noneAmount Paid Per Night: 2,080RMB (300USD) plus taxesReservation Method: Goldpassport WebsiteLoyalty Card: Platinum Gold PassportAirport/Hotel Transfer: Arranged for an Audi transfer from the hotel, I find this the best way in China because sometimes taxi lines are too long and you might be left standing in the cold for at least an hour. Unlike Park Hyatt in Beijing that met me on the Airport Gate itself and escorted us through immigration and customs the Hyatt representative (Park Hyatt, Grand Hyatt and Hyatt on the Bund) was waiting for us at the arrival area outside the customs section.Location: I never liked staying in Pudong because its just too far from anythingand traffic is horrendous but with the 2 new tunnels connecting Pudong with Puxi, getting from the hotel to Puxi could be as little was 10-15 minutes. Park Hyatt is on the top floors of the Shanghai World Financial Center, from the ground floor you go up to the lobby at the 87th floor and you take elevators down to rooms from the 79th to the 84th floors.Check-in: Was very fast, we were met at the ground floor and escorted to the lobby and was in our room in less than 10 minutes.Room: Quite large, I like the open feel without making it too open that I loose my privacy like the Park Hyatt in Beijing. The real problem is the huge diagonal pillar which is part of the buildings structure taking up almost half the window view. and it also made the room look smaller because it pushed the day bed much closer to the bed.Bathroom: The bathroom was big, the rain shower is twice the size of the regular rain showers and is inclosed in a very roomy shower area with a big bathtub. Toiletries are from Aromatherapy (just like the Landmark Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong).Bed: Bed was very comfortable not really too soft and not hard either, I have to say its just right. The pillow are another thing, I wish I had enough strength to request for additional pillows because those huge square pillows were hard to manage. I literally had to fold them so I could sleep.Breakfast: compared to other hotels in Asia, I have to say the breakfast spread is adequate albeit very limited. But the great thing is where they serve breakfast, they call it Dining Room, and when you enter the place they made a nice little kitchen with cabinetry and stovetop like ones you see at home or condo. you pass through a doorway into the actual Dining Room with a nice view of Pudong.Check-out: Check out was fast and efficient, nothing much to write about it actually, they did apologize for the room over and over but its really a bit too late for that.Overall Evaluation: Service is excellent there no doubt on that, I said the same thing when I spoke to the Director of Rooms the following morning after I sent him an email about the diagonal pillar on the room and told him that I am moving to Peninsula across the river. However I felt that as a Platinum member Im entitled to something more, plus the fact that my membership guarantees the best available room on the categoryand I do not think that was the best at that time.	
Oct 11 2009 	A 4-Star Hotel with 2.5-Star Service	Location: It is located outside of inner circle highway or of downtown area. One has to take a taxi to go anywhere. Although Shanghai Taxi is not expensive, the traffic jam and unavailability of taxi near the hotel often makes a trip to somewhere become a headache (there is Starbuck two blocks away however). Facilities: The hotel is relatively new. The lobby area is small, because most part used as a bar, with bench against a divider for customers to sit (you get the picture). The room is relatively small, but well equipped (the room we had has a washer). No comments on food (We usually dont eat at hotel restaurant). Service: Here is the problem. We booked it because its a 5-star hotel (actually I found later that some travel sites list it as a 4-star) and expected a 5-star service. First, while there are one or two employees at the entrance, none opened the taxi door or helped with our luggage when we arrived (we didnt need it anyway). When checking-in, we were told the double room we booked was not available and only twin rooms were available. Based on my experiences, almost all US brand hotels will provide next grade room instead; but not this hotel. Both front desk girl and the manager talked in a polite, but business-like, tone (certainly not a 5-star, or any star, hotel business tone) and were firm about the twin room. Their excuse was all double were booked. Based on my observation later, the hotel was not even half full (It was a Saturday). Since we just had a 15-hour flight and didnt have the energy to go to next level manager or find another hotel; and settled for a twin room. We moved to Hyatt on the Bund next day.In summary, the hotels facilities are a 4-star and the service is 2- or 3-star. If one has a business in Hongqiao, it is OK to stay (but there is a Sheraton near-by). Otherwise, there are so many others available with competitive rate, and much better location and serivces.	
Oct 14 2009 	Lovely hotel and great value	This is a very nice looking new trendy hotel. The service is OK. The rooms are roomy and clean. If you have business in the area this is a great value hotel.The pool is long and narrow - the best I have seen for a Hotel to do laps.	
Oct 22 2009	Acceptable	We stayed here as part of a Travelsphere holiday, our bedroom was clean however it smelt musty, it needs an overhaul, the food was good plenty of choice, it was ok for the time we were there, the hotels for the rest of the tour just got better and better.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Value Excellent Hotel	These apartments are just wonderful. The rooms we stayed in, were, I think, at the &quot;left back&quot; which had a fantastic view - the higher the floor. We stayed on 7th floor for 3 nights, then stayed in Hangzhou Hyatt regency for one night  (to see Solar Eclipse - Main reason for our trip) - and then stayed a further night on top (38th) floor....wished we had asked for a higher room for our earlier stay. We looked out towards the Oriental Pearl Tower and World Trade Centre..which we nicknamed the bottle opener....The window stretched the whole side and round the front &quot;end&quot; of the apartment, which gave a fantastic panoramic view...especially great at night.The members of staff are very courteous and efficient. Very helpful, particularly as we had problems with our credit card having been blocked by our bank after first use, (Foreign travel/Bank issues...another story). Reception staff not at all phased and very willing to find solution. Every request was met quickly and nothing seemed too much trouble...we were very jet lagged (15 hours out of sync from home) and probably seemed a bit grumpy at times...but they accommodated that.The rooms are very spacious, ours was wedge shaped, but looking at fire plan on back of room front door, there were at least 4 different types of layout. The room was very clean...I am extremely fussy about cleanliness in any type of rented accommodation, especially in kitchens and bathrooms, and to be honest I could hardly fault either...it was almost as if we were the first to use the room after a new fitting out....We had one large bedroom with comfortable king-size bed, large plasma TV (separate to living room TV), loads of cupboard space, both hanging and drawers, a safe and iron and ironing board...hidden in cupboard. The living room had a sectional sofa (chaise) (this was a bit hard and had silk throw cushions which slipped about, so a tad uncomfortable), a glass topped coffee table and matching side table (not glass), glass dinner table with two comfortable chairs, desk and chair with internet access via cable (wireless would have been preferred), large plasma TV...with connections for your own AV devices via wall sockets. All the rooms were literally packed with features and almost everything had been thought of. An extra rollaway bed was provided for us, was a bit pricey considering we had booked an advance purchase rate of 890RMB, 300RMB for an extra bed rather bumped up the price....but still very good value overall.The fully equipped kitchen has upscale fittings, including a sensing microwave, full oven, garbage disposal, dishwasher and large fridge with three drawer freezer. The Bathroom has a front loading washing machine and separate tumble dryer.Recommend you take with you a small supply of dishwashing liquid, dishwasher tablets and clothes washing powder/liquid. Was difficult to find in local shops and very expensive for much more than needed for a short stay. The utensils in the kitchen, including knife block, full set of pots and pans and full sets of crockery, cutlery, and glasses were of an excellent standard. You could certainly prepare and cook as if you were at home...but you need to bring/buy everything food wise like oil and condiments etc. We found a supermarket in the basement of the local upscale shopping mall. It had everything you could need, but I suspect as prices in China go this was the Marks and Spencer end of the market. E.g. 99RMB for a medium sized bottle of concentrated washing liquid (clothes)...about US$15....But the fruit and veg were great, and they even sold Speckled Old Hen cans of beer........The bathroom has a large bathtub, deep and long enough for a good soak, with a hand held shower attachment and also a separate glass shower cubicle. In the roomy tiled and glass doored shower cubicle the fittings to switch from overhead rain shower to hand-held were a bit tricky (because of trendy square design), but the water pressure is excellent, so a great showering experience.I see others thought breakfast only average....I found it excellent for this type of hotel, a large choice of different types of breakfast including American bacon and sausage, Chinese dishes, continental cheeses, cereals, fruit, juices, toast, pastries etc....The room service, however, left a bit to be desired, I suppose that because these are serviced apartments you cannot expect the usual room service quality. The food itself was mostly OK, however it was disappointing that it was not always as described...e.g. the torpedo steak sandwich was not the tender steak advertised in the menu, (but then again they rarely are)...however it was missing the roasted onions, which meant that it was lacking in taste...when I complained, instead of bringing up a small dish of onions they came and took the plate away to add them....and brought back the same meal...now cold....(lucky able to heat up in the kitchen...). Then, on another occasion when only a snack was needed, the crispy chicken wings with hot chilli and lemon mayonnaise were not crispy...and arrived only with tomato ketchup...which they later tried to say was spicy ketchup. but it was still tomayo ketchup!!!...They brought up a small dish of plain mayonnaise....hmmm...sent meal back...However they were most concerned and phoned up afterwards to check i was OK. Also there were no condiments sent, no salt and pepper and no napkins.... let alone any of the usual room service frills....The pool and Spa were too cold for me, but the steam room and sauna suite and showers in the changing area were great. (Although would have been even better if not opposite the loos). We live in Caribbean, so we are used to warm water and hot sun, lounging in the cool pool area just wasn't warm enough for me, but I am sure anyone from a temperate climate would love it. But it was a shame that at the least the Jacuzzi wasn't hot.However all in all an excellent place to say, great value and although not in the tourist area, had easy connections via Metro (short walk) to rest of Shanghai...and Taxis were easy to get to and from...DO take a label with the hotel name on in Chinese for taxi drivers...English is hardly spoken, and that includes the ability to read addresses and street names in English. Pointing at the English name of a street on a map in a guide book is no good. We took a supply of labels printed in Chinese...they proved invaluable. Cut and paste from here.....(we stuck one in the guide book).http://www.sinohotelguide.com/detail_index.php?Hotel_ID=SSGH0114&amp;City_ID=SSG&amp;City_Cname=Shang%20Hai&amp;City_Lname=shanghai Useful advice for any hotel in China	
Jul 29 2009 	Comfortable and convenient	We found this hotel to be clean, well-equipped and convenient. We booked a standard room, which was comfortably big enough for our young family of 3. The hotel was only 10 minutes walk to the subway station, from there we could get to the city in no time. For those time when we didn't feel like eating outside, there was a good Cantonese restaurant in the same building. The hotel had a money changer offering decent conversion rates, a real time saver because there were not many money changers in the city. In-room Internet wasn't free but was cheap and fast enough (make sure to ring the lobby to activate it). Overall very good for a 3-star hotel.	
Nov 4 2009 	Amazing hotel	Stayed two nights on business. The hotel is amazing in all its aspects; location, staff, room, service, the F&amp;B. The price tag is pretty steep but at the end of the day you acknowledge that it' s value for money. Have not seen such a breakfast spread in any hotels so far.The European and local staff are eager to help the guests. The Jade bar at the 36th floor is out of the world with a view of the river front.	
	Simple hotel - Good location	We travelled for a quick business trip to Shanghai and stayed at this hotel because of its location. It is located in the Bund, walking distance away (6 or 7 blocks) from Nanjing road (the main shopping avenue).The hotel is very clean. The room was small but had a 42'' plasma (with Chinese TV only) and a computer on the room with free internet. The window could not be open. The bathroom was small but OK.This hotel is ideal for leisure travellers with little time to waste on taxis or subways (Shanghai's traffic can be really messy). I would not reccommended it for long stays or business trips.Mrs Zhang in the front desk was very helpful and friendly and speaks really good English (which is not easy to find in many Chinese places).Bottom line, it's a 3 star hotel, nothing fancy about it, and you get exactly what you are paying for.	
Sep 21 2009 	The WORST hotel I ever stayed in!!!	The title says it all but i will elaborate. I travel for a living so I've stayed in all manner and brand of hotels. I stay in hotels about 200 nights per year and having stayed in Mercure hotels and reading the mostly positive reviews here, I booked this hotel for a family vacation. We checked in and were impressed by the grand modern lobby. When we stepped off the elevator on 16 that's where the nightmare began. The carpet was filthy as were the baseboards and doors. This continued as we opened our rooms and were appalled at how dirty they were. The carpet was disgusting, as was the furniture. The beds were just all springs and hard as slabs. They had these disgusting fabric headboards all coated in years of head grease! The furniture was old and worn out and filthy. We didn''t even want to touch anything.The room was very poorly lit which was probably a good thing because if we had more light it would have been even more disgusting but when I turned on one of the lights mounted to the wall, it fell off and shorted out! The bathroom was a health hazard as well with mold all in my shower and dried urine and something like orange soda all over the tile. The sink was cracked in half and looked like someone poured coffee in it and never cleaned it. The other rooms we had were equally appalling! I went to the desk to ask for other rooms and was told they would be happy to move us but all the rooms were the same. Because it was 1 am and we were exhausted, we elected to stay 1 night and we checked out the next morning first thing. I wish I had taken photos to post here to protect future visitors. This hotel must be undergoing a renovation or the photos they posted are simply fraudulent because our rooms looked nothing like them and didn't even have the same decor. BEWARE!	
Oct 18 2009 	Fantastic in every possible way!!	We have just come back from a 6 day stay in this beautiful hotel. Do not believe the negative, picky comments made by others, they are just not true. The hotel was recommended to us by a friend who lives in Shanghai, and has had dinner and drinks on the rooftop terrace so she knew the location and the public interiors.As a first timer to Shanghai this was the perfect location. Set in the French Concession in a street full of small boutiques, but far enough away from the noise to not disturb you. The rooms were beautiful, but most importantly the service, was excellent. They don't fawn over you, so travellers who are expecting this should stay away. They are polite and helpful when needed. The front desk staff had excellent English, and we made the effort to learn enough Mandarin to converse simply with the restaurant and housekeeping staff. We had way less problem understanding and being understood then we did at a multi-national hotel in Dallas which employed Mexican staff.	
Sep 6 2009 	Express indeed	For US $120 more or less for 3 nights stay, its value indeed! Be ready to deal with the staff, some do not speak english...prepare to talk chingrish and communicate like talking to a baby. That we dont mind, its one of the adventures you go through when you're in mainland China. Things turned out well though. Left our luggage with them when we travelled to Hangzhou. There is also a free internet in the lobby.Nonetheless, the Holiday Inn Express has all what you ask for from the hotel, sans the excess (pool, ref, mini bar , room service et al) Breakfast was fine - it came with set meals, basic eggs, hard boiled eggs in hot tea, sausages &amp; bacon, congee, simple veggies and breads. Also comes with coffeee, teas, juice.Rooms are small but clean. Bed and sheets are great too. Hotel also has free laundromat. The hood's safe even at night. Its situated in front of the creek and the location is not commuter friendly. Some Shanghai cabbies do not know where it is. It is also near Carrefour. It is suggested that you ask the front desk . It is also around 10 to 15 mins walk to the nearest train station. Cabs in Shanghai are also cheap. If you get hungry in the middle of the night, there aint many joints open nearby. Front desk offered a McDonalds delivery but we declined. We're in Shanghai and we'll eat McDo? :(	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent value no frills!	Location of hotel is quite good for crossing over by taxi to Puxi or going to Lujiajui. Unfortunately, its ambience and accessibility is somewhat spoilt by ongoing Metro construction work on Pudong Avenue. Neighbourhood is a little dusty but not unduly noisy. Room offers good size and comfort, without any unnecessary features or over-intrusive service. Another plus is the convenience of dining at the 2 wonderful Chinese restaurants on either side of the Pudong Avenue entrance. One is a popular Sichuan restaurant; the other a newly opened &quot;Fusion&quot; place featuring interesting dishes like Foie Gras done Chinese-style and Prime Mutton sourced from Hainan.	
Aug 31 2009 	Avoid this hotel - it sucks	Lets start with the negatives: 1) Horrible Location - construction all around the area, noise and disgusting people walking around, smells bad outside, solid 10 minute walk to the train station, food options are crap (just a McDonalds) 2) Beds - Awful, unless you like sleeping on a rock 3) Internet - crap 4) Food - breakfast selection was small and not good 5) Amenities - No pool or gym. 6) Room service - seems to be closed after 11pm...they told us to try McDonalds. Positives: The customer service was excellent, after we complained about the room they upgraded us to a suite, which was marginally tolerable. I advise you not to stay here, look for a hotel closer to the city centre near the bund/TV tower area.	
Apr 2 2008	Unscrupulous Management!	BEWARE WHEN BOOKING DIRECT WITH HOTEL!!! MANAGEMENT IS UNSCRUPULOUS! DO NOT DIVULGE YOUR CREDIT CARD DETAILS TO THEM! We had to turn back from Llhasa due to the riots and found ourselves in Shanghai. We called Old House Inn on the day we arrived (Friday) to check if they had any last minute rooms available for Friday to Sunday. After being informed that the hotel was fully booked for Friday, the receptionist Nicky said she would get back on availability for Sat and Sun as somebody may be cancelling his booking. We then made arrangements to stay with a friend when she called back (Friday evening) and said they had a room available for both nights but that we would have to change rooms. I made the mistake of giving the hotel my credit card details as a guarantee, thinking that it was a reputable place from all the reviews I read on the internet. On Saturday morning, however, we thought that we might as well stay put at our friends place and called to check if we could cancel our reservation. We were told that it was not a problem and that I would not be charged for it. On Monday afternoon, however, as we were waiting for our flight back to Singapore, I received a call from the hotel, a courtesy call to inform you that we will be charging you a full nights rate for your cancellation. That was certainly all the courtesy I received from them, having had the phone slammed down on me when I tried to explain that I was told earlier that there would be no cancellation fee. Upon reaching home, I called my credit card company to check if there was a charge made by Old House Inn, or a hotel in Shanghai, on or after Mar24. No, I was informed and told not to worry since I did not give the hotel the security number on my credit card. When I received my credit card bill, needless to say, I was shocked to find a charge of RMB1030 on Mar24 to, not the Old House Inn, but to Laoshiguang Restaurant! My credit card company now says that the money has been paid to them and it is up to the hotel whether they want to give me a refund, especially since everything was done over the phone. The hotel apparently has phone records, which they quote in support of their argument, but when I asked them to check on the second call I made they seem to have no record or memory of it. It is one thing to be charged a cancellation fee, and another to be told that there would be no charge and to later be charged the full room rate for no show and to be told by the hotel manager I have no choice about the matter!	
Sep 21 2009 	Comfortable quiet welcoming....overall a superb place to say in this frenetic city of 20 million	There are seemingly countless choices here in Shanghai as far as places to stay. If you're interested in being close to the Bund and the every-bustling and colorful Nanjing pedestrian mall, this is not the place. But if you don't mind a 25-40 minute taxi drive (depending on the traffic) to get Pudong or the Bund area, there's no better place to stay in Shanghai than the Crowne Plaza Fudan.To note:1) The rooms are great: spacious, comfortable and very pleasant.2) The beds are very comfy with a variety of pillow styles.3) Internet service is fast though a bit pricey at 100 yuan/day max.4) The breakfast buffet is sumptuous and usually comes with the room charge.5) The Saturday night dinner buffet (often a two-for-one deal) for 198 yuan per person is also sumptuous.6) The staff, from management to bellhops to door greeters, are all great....friendly, smiling and well-trained.7) There's a local restaurant that's good and quite cheap nearby if you don't feel like spending 60 yuan on a plate of spaghetti at the hotel resto. (I got a plate of reasonable pasta at this restaurant for all of 12 yuan.) Ask the concierge where the closest Chinese restaurant is, walk to it and then walk right past it and go into the inner parking lot area where you'll see the local, budget restaurant.If this is your first time in Shanghai, you won't go wrong by staying at the Crowne Plaza Fudan.	
Jun 3 2009 	Beautiful Place	I stayed at Ascott for nearly 2 months! That is a long time to actually know the hotel staff by name - and trust me, the staff was genuinely very nice. I was undergoing training in Pudong and Ascott is one of the best places you can stay. With a nice view overlooking the river, Ascott offers all the luxuries that one can expect only from 4/5 start. One gets a good variety in food, though not so much for a vegetarian. Pool and Gym facilities are excellent.	
Jul 10 2009 	Good hotel	Good hotel, good price, good location.The only problem is the smell of the restaurant.	
	Total chaos I want my money back.	Not something you would expect from a hotel branded with the &quot;Sheraton&quot; logo.Its either they are still on their way to getting up to what international travelers expect of the Sheraton, or management really doesn't care.Below are the reasons why I couldn't recommend anyone to stay at the Sheraton Pudong. - ArrivalAs I arrived at the Sheraton Complex, my driver made a mistake and took me to the &quot;Four Points by Sheraton&quot; instead of the Sheraton Pudong. The porter at the Four Points was attentive, opened my door and was quick to service. I told him I was staying at the Sheraton Pudong, he kindly directed the taxi to the correct driveway.To my surprise, the Porter at the Sheraton Pudon was too busy chatting with his colleague, I had to flag him down so that he could help me with my bags. When I asked him if this was the Sheraton Pudong, he replied &quot;I don't speak English&quot;- Check-inThe lady at the check-in counter was either having a bad day or Chinese customs is to be cold to arriving customers. No smiles or thank you's were given. A very dry check-in. She did not even explain where the porter took my bags and who/where I was supposed to ask to get it delivered to my room until I asked her about it.- RoomThe rooms were decorated in a very nice matter. However, the details of the room finish were not what I expected. A lot of things were bolted/glued on crooked (like the faucet and the showerhead); it got me worrying about the construction of the building it self. However, housekeeping and other services were up to standards except the fact that when people come to deliver things to your room, (I guess since they do not speak English) they just grunt and hand you what is supposed to be delivered.- BreakfastService is HORRIBLE. First day, I was served a GLASS of hot tea, when others were given mugs. Not is that only weird but also dangerous!! Second day, someone gave away my seat while I was at the buffet. It took the restaurant forever to find me a seat, clear the table (which they only half cleaned). I had plates in my hand, no one offered to help me while I was waiting for a seat to be made. - Check outI used the in-room internet (for a fee). However, at check out they told me that no charges were on the room... nice that I didn't have to pay for it but, worries me that the reverse could happen. - Bell serviceI was advised to reserve a taxi since I was leaving at a busy time in the morning (9:00AM). The morning I was leaving, the bell desk/ concierge was so busy that no one was available to help me to retrieve my reservation. I decided to walk to the curb and ask the porter for the taxi that I reserved. The porter just asked for a room number (he has no documents to check if I was the correct person), then he asks where I was headed.... I had already given all details of my destination when I made my reservation. I bet that no reservation information was relayed to the porter and that I was just lucky that I didn't have to wait for a taxi. The verdict: the building it self is nice but expect motel 6 style hospitality. I stayed at the Intercontinental Pudong last year and had a waaaaaaay better experience. I recommend staying there instead if you are heading for Pudong. Sheraton, you really need to work on that hotel. Its a venue with a world class name and building but with negative service. If you're like this now, whats going to happen during the Expo??	
	Cold and arrogant staff in a great city.	The hotel is nice, not as nice as it's sister property (Sheraton) just behind, but the staff at the Four Points can be summed up as being COLD! I am not sure if it was due to the weather, me being a foreigner or just them having a bad day. They lacked smiles, they never really greeted you upon check in. More like a factory producing widgets, in this case, giving rooms to the people that walk in with or without reservations.Don't get me wrong, after you check in it goes up hill, entering the corner room with a view of both PuDong and the Bund, unfortunately the SMOG (no fault of the hotel this time) did not do justice to the view that could be had! The location is about a 20 min taxi ride out of PuDong, and the subway system is a 5 min walk from the back door (facing the Sheraton) - for the mobility challenged, be warned, there are no escalators or elevators on the hotel side, I only saw an entrance on the other side of the road.The rooms are well furnished, I had a deluxe suite with 1.5 washrooms (and no goldfish bowl shower/ bath tub setup). There is an in room safe which I suggest everyone to use while traveling anywhere that offers one, not just here.As for the hotel, there is no exec lounge, so for those looking for lounge access, not available, the gym is a basic setup (no pool), and free Wifi in the lobby. I suggest anyone looking to use to sit near the back door as there are tables setup and 1 workstation available for those that did not bring their own PC.Now the food... the cafe on 2. I hit this place for the breakfast buffet. Service... very bare bones, never asked for coffee/ tea, and when I asked for black tea, they said they did not have any and only said chinese (yellow label tea), the coffee you can skip, yes they use a fancy grind and brew per cup but the coffee sucks and only luke warm at best! The coffee in room is 100X better tasting and HOT! As for food, you can skip the hot soy milk, it was burnt both days and I did mention this to the waiters and they only said it is like that... BURNT soy milk? maybe it is an acquired taste to the local shanghainese, not to us foreigners. the omlette station only makes one type of omlette and one type of egg preparations so save your breath with saying vegi/ egg white omlette, you will get a fully loaded omlette, and for the sunnyside lovers, it will always be over easy, no matter how many times you tell them, DO NOT FLIP THE EGG! Maybe it is my accent they do not understand. They are very slow to replenish the food stations. The second say, I did give up and just left to get a big breakfast from McDonald's as the coffee there was hot and the food was the same quality (not good but will do the job in a pinch) I would expect all over the world and not from an international hotel's restaurant. Maybe I am just picky or I woke up on the wrong side of the bed but I find there is a lot of room to improve or maybe this was a Corporate request to drop down their service level as they would be directly competing with their 5 star sister property behind them???I will book the Sheraton next time as the price was only 10% more but the facilities when I toured justified the difference.	
	Great weekend!	We spent a delightful time in the Presidential Suite and I recommend this hotel highly as the service is excellent and the General Manager and his lovely wife are very charming hosts!	
Oct 29 2009 	Good Hotel in Great Location In Pu Dong	I stayed at the Radisson Century Park Pu Dong for four nights for business. The rooms are clean and comfortable, and large. The buffet breakfast was good. Staff spoke good English. Free internet and satellite TV with a lot of English channels. At $170.00 USD per night with breakfast a decent value in Shanghai. The hotel is adjacent to a shopping and restaurant area with a Carrefour, many small stores, and numerous restaurants. Malones American Caf has good western food and the Korean Barbeque place was very good. I would rate this hotel a solid 4 stars in a good location and would stay again.	
Nov 24 2009 	Oriental Riverside Hotel in Shanghai	Well.... it is 5 star so pretty damn good!!! However, it is in a disappointing area - unless you like cement and glitzy high rises. On our last day the entire ball room (that was fun - 24 hours and a big band played each night) and lobby were under scaffolding - so renovations are on right now, I guess. I must say that the highlight is the POOL!!!! Inside a glass dome overlooking the river - spectacular. By Chinese standards, it is $$$, but it is 5 star.........	
	Worth staying and check out the Harvest Moon restaurant	Initially we were not sure when we booked this hotel and our fears were not helped by the lack of correct inforamtion provided by the hotel on subway lines and how to find them.This was further complicated during our stay as the hotel staff were friendly but seemed to not have much useful local knowledge or the information was wrong. Usually they just recommended taking a taxi thereby passing the problem on to someone else!The rooms in the hotel are large, but the walls are thin so you can often hear your neighbours.We stayed at the hotel twice as we did a brief visit to Xi'an and the hotel allowed us to store our luggage for free which meant we only had to take what we needed for a short trip - which was excellent.On our return they upgraded us to a larger room with a tub. Next to the hotel is a restaurant called the Harvest Moon that is worth checking out.The bar of the hotel also allows you to buy a voucher and then it is all inclusive drinks in the bar - it is well worth it.Breakfast at the hotel is plentiful with lots of choice.	
Nov 24 2009 	Wow	The most awesome hotel I've ever seen in the tallest building i've ever been in (99 floors!)	
Aug 25 2009 	So-so hotel uninterested staff	Stayed six nights in Aug-2009 in a room facing Zongshan Park on the 21st floor and then another with no view on the 23rd floor. The rooms are pretty decent and the hotel itself is nice. One of the best features for travellers is the metro station right next to the hotel. The biggest problem is the staff - almost no one can speak English, so having any sort of conversation is a problem. As an example, our laundry had issues on more than one occasion and each time, they would send a note in Chinese, delivered by someone who did not speak a word of English!! The redemption lay in the fact that the operator at the end of the Services button (0 on the phone) was keen and usually resolved the issue, though it took more than one call on every occasion.Shockingly, bell desk/concierge staff seem to be most unfriendly of the lot, totally uninterested in dealing with guest requests. Front desk staff rate a close second in the uninterested and unmotivated category.The gym is pretty decent, especially since it overlooks Zongshan Park and one can see loads of people out for walks/practising Tai Chi in the mornings.Taking staff attitude into consideration, a very average hotel to stay in.	
Nov 4 2009 	Happy stay	Hotel very clean and breakfast very good. Easy access to the main road outside, watch out for the scammers though	
Oct 14 2009 	Excellent Location and Service	First time to stay in this hotel. Location is excellent. 2 minutes walk to subway station and they have a excellent manned cab station (the person in charge of the cab stationis from the cab company)Room is smaller than expected but adequate. Excellent service in almost all areas including the coffee shop, the lounge bar, the Japanese restaurant, housekeeping, etc.Will come back if the price is right	
Oct 29 2008 	Good Location Excellent Value with Minor Problems	One of my husband's officemates recommended this hotel and I didn't have any regrets booking at this hotel. First of all, we paid for RMB1,074.00 for 4 days and 3 nights. Quite inexpensive right? That also includes one buffet breakfast for each day. Since I was with my mother the whole stay, I just had to pay for RMB20 for another buffet breakfast. Check-in and check-out was fast though I was requested to press my atm pincode because it was offline. So I had to go to nearest ATM machine to check if my balance is still correct after the transaction. The minute we walked inside the room, I was surprised that the room was bigger than what I expected. It smelled like cigarette smoke so I called the reception for my complaint. After a whole day of city tour the next day, the smell was no longer there. Thank goodness! The sheets were clean, well pressed and no stains. They provided double window panes to prevent dust to come in because there is a big building construction just across the hotel. Bailemen is next to a bustling train station and also the famous Jingan Temple. We went to most of the places by train so it is very convenient. The food during breakfast had so many Chinese varieties. I hope there will be more Western as well. The coffee in the dispenser is strong so don't forget to add hot water. But for those who want to energize, it is perfect for you.	
May 15 2008	Wow pretty bad.	I'm not fussy when it comes to hotels but this was falling apart. The bathroom was horrid. Staff were fine. The front door just kept continually beeping and I don't know why. I needed to be in this area at the time and it was dirt cheap so I guess you get what you pay for. Somewhere to rest my head....that's it!	
Nov 11 2009 	Avoid it like the plague	Adding bars to the windows would make it an idea prison cell. I slept on top of the bed, I opened up the bedspread and quickly closed it again. God only knows what horrors lie beneath. The room was filthy and needed an all over clean. wallpaper was coming away from the wall. people above walking aroind sounded like a herd of elephants, and I am sure I did, too, to the room below. Next morning in the breakfast hall, which was also filthy, one of the staff merrily went about their work with their mobile phone stuck to their ear. Coffe was lukewarm and no choice of bread, thin while toast. I wouldn't want my worst enemy to stay there! What a poor example of British hospitality (no Brits working there anyway - im sure!) to foreign visitors.	
Nov 6 2009 	Please do not use this hotel if you value your life..................	Checked in paid for my stay in advance (hotel policy). Room filthy, bed smelled shower filthy, soap tray in shower filthy. No soap / shampoo provided. Next door had a baby in the room which cried all night. I could hear it easily through the paper thin walls. Towels so threadbare one ripped in half as I was drying myself. The room above was full of arabic sounding women who shouted and screamed well past 3 am in the morning. Last but not least the fire door leading to my corridor was jammed open - bad you may think but the reason for this is that THE HANDLE WAS MISSING. If that door had closed there was NO means of opening it in the event of a fire. THINK ABOUT IT..................Best part of my stay was the london fields pub across the road. Very friendly staff, fair prices and outstanding grub.	
	What a dump but good location	We arrived in the morning at 9.00am, entered the &quot;hotel&quot; and the smell hit me immediately! We were then told that we werent allowed to check in till 1.00 but we could leave our suitcase in the breakfast room. We made our way down some very narrow stairs, and left our case there - after seeing the breakfast room we decided we would not risk eating in there despite having paid for b&amp;b - we preferred to eat in the courtfield, a lovely hotel on the corner opposite the tube station. When we were finally allowed to check in we had to trek up 6 flights of stairs to get to our broom cupboard of a bedroom, it was so small!! The bathroom had a folding door with was taped together with brown parcel tape, the water in the sink didnt drain away for ages, the net curtain was yellow with age, it was just disgusting! Thank god we were only here for two nights, and we were there to enjoy the sights on london, not to spend much time in our hotel room! Im home with my legs covered in bruises from walking into the bed every time i wanted to use the bathroom, i kept bumping my head on the fold out ironing board every time i wanted to plug my hairdryer in - i can honestly say i will never ever stay here again!The location is good, its near to earls court tube station, but there are several other hotels nearby which looked much nicer!Book this hotel - only if you dare!!	
	Nice hotel terrible rooms	The hotel is nice but they have spent so much time, chopping the rooms up, double beds barely fit in the room, standards don't have a bath only a small shower, the bathroom is tiny, unless you pay for a suite, which you wouldn't u'd stay in 4 star hotel, then u won't have wireless in your rooms, ironing board, aircon (and the hotel is very hot) I had to buy eye drops and had nose bleeds it was so hot at night. The rest of the hotel is nice but I would not recommend staying here as the rooms are awful as they have tried to make as much money as possible out of us by making the rooms very small to get more in and u get nothing, u even have to pay to use the hotel pool!? What.	
	No sparkle and cold atmosphere.	Good Points about this Hotel:The Location.The Room - excellent size and very comfortable beds. Nice view over Jubilee Gardens and very quiet. Good bathroom and tea tray which is always welcome. Nice Bar and pleasant views of the London Eye.Helpful Concierge ( one of. The other not so helpful)The breakfast buffet was also very good and the breakfast staff were very efficient and pleasant.Not so good points:The room was RIDICULOUSLY far away from the lift - I am talking 7 minutes walk. I have a foot injury and struggled with the brisk trot required. As one previous poster has stated I wished we had a golf buggy or a scooter to ferry us up and down.Secondly the check in staff were very brusque and lacking in charm. We were in London for a graduation ceremony and you would have thought we were on our way to a funeral, they were so dour. As I have Marriott Rewards membership, sometimes the staff on check in upgrade. However on this occasion we had booked through another website and the staff attitude effectively reflected this.Not once were we welcomed to the Hotel or wished a pleasant departure having spent a small fortune on accomodation.The ATP tennis tournament was on in the O2 and many of the residents were either tennis players or supporters. I got the impression that as we were not part of the troope that the staff didnt give a toss. In addition, the lifts were covered in advertising for the tournament which I found very tacky and very bizarre. It completely spoiled the ambience of this beautiful old building.We found no one to give us directions to any where other than the concierge. As he was absent one morning we asked the doorman to direct us to Covent Garden and he vaguely pointed into the sky and mumbled. Any attempts at getting a taxi via the staff on the door were useless and we had better luck on the public street. This is not acceptable from a 5 star hotel.My final gripe is why oh why do we have to pay  15 a day for wi fi ( which the concierge tried to convince me was free) when you can go to Starbucks and have a coffee an get it free?? I always stay with Mariott ( having worked there many years ago) as I know the extremely high standards of training required of the staff which has always been apparent in any other Marriott I have stayed in. However on the next occasion I will return not to this one but to another in London. t	
	Clean and well located	London is an expensive city, especially when it comes to hotels / accomodation. I was looking for something very simple, quiet , clean and affordable where to spend a week in London.That's what Windor House is.For 38 / 40.00 a day I got a very clean room with shower (not en-suite) and a simple breakfast (enough to start a day).Ok, no TV, no telephone, no internet, but if there was a tv set, for example, I would spend my nights seeing tv, &quot;ruinning&quot; the day after !So, it is not a place to stay during the day but a quite and clean place where to keep your things and sleep. Earl's Court tube station is really just around the corner, making it easy to go everywhere.If you want to take food to the hotel, the kitchen is open to guests and there is a Marks &amp; Spencers &quot;Simply Food&quot; shop 50 meters far from the hotel.Two internet shops are really nearby.I recommend Windor House : good value for the price !And friendly people too.But if you are looking for real luxury, go to ... the House of Windsors (call Beth or Phil).Andr Acker, from Rio de Janeiro, Brasil	
Nov 24 2009 	Staying in a hotel should not feel like an ordeal!	The Turkish lady at reception was very rude and lacked even adequate customer service skills. We arrived early for check in and were brusquely advised that we hadn't paid for our rooms even though the company had booked online 10 weeks previously and we had a printout of our booking with a paragraph actually stating that the payment would be taken before arrival. As it was a company card the rude Turkish lady ordered us to call the company and get them to fill in a 3rd party form and fax it to her. she took over the phone and proceeded to talk in a condescending and rude manner to our company secretary calling her 'love' to which she objected. (if said by a kindly older woman its no problem but when called love by a rude young woman then it becomes an insult). To add to our humiliation we were ordered to wait in reception like a public spectacle as all this was going on. then the rude Turkish lady (she really shouldn't be working with the public) advised us, animatedly, that the secretary at our company had an attitude problem. (the secretary faced the same rude and unhelpful tirade that we did and had asked to speak to the General Manager to be told he would call her back later - this of course didn't happen) The Turkish lady then went into the back office and had a blazing row with somebody before coming back out and allowing us to check in. Checking in at a hotel really should not feel like an ordeal where the guest is treated as a criminal or pondlife! The company spent almost 1000 on our stay with meals included but will not be making the same mistake again. Any other hotel must be an improvement. To top that all off the hotel itself feels like an old office block converted into a 2nd rate hotel.	
Oct 14 2008 	Cracked toilet seat and breakfast troubles	If you want to see London on a budget, then this is a fantastic location. It is within walking distance to South Kensington underground and virtually on top of Kensington Olympia station. If you can sleep through the sound of trains and police sirens then you will love the comfortable beds.The rooms have been decorated in a tasteful fashion and the bathrooms are clean and modern. The toilet seat in my room was cracked which was an obvious concern. The rooms are all situated above a pub, which has a function room. If there is an event on, it could be pretty noisy. To get to the rooms, you have to climb lots of stairs, so travel light.If you are there on business and want an early breakfast e.g. before eight o'clock then you will go hungry. You can get cereal and milk, but nothing cooked until the chef arrives.	
	Scammed by the Front Desk	When we asked at the front desk for a restaurant recommendation we were sent to a place that overcharged us and was completely shady. When we told the manager what had happened he was not apologetic or sympathetic. There was some kind of kick back or connection going on.	
Sep 22 2009 	Rock Star Chic........ it Ain't!!	Ok, when you bill a hotel with 5* rock chic there's a level of expectation, which frankly this hotel didn't live upto. While the decor is great it's the service that makes a stay. We have just returned from a weekend at the Sanctum and I can say I was very underwhelmed. We arrived on Saturday and on checking in was asked did we want papers for the following morning. (Sunday in London, papers over breakfast, fantastic). On waking up on Sunday morning and finding them not delivered I questioned reception, to be greeted with the reply that the &quot;newsagent wasn't open until 11am at which point they would be delivered&quot;. Not what I expect for a 5* hotel. I could have gone and got them myself by the time they had arrived. Additionally, when spening over 300 a night on a hotel room I don't expect to have to pay for a cup of tea at 5 or 3 for a biscuit, so two teas with biscuits would have cost 16. The bar prices would give you a coronary at approx 13 for a shot and a mixer (with 12% discretionary service added on top for good measure). I also had to get reception to reprogramme the plasm TV as it didn't work when we arrived. Hardly rockstar in my book.While this is undoubtedly a great location for Soho and the Westend better value for money could be had for less money. The rooms are small if not well presented with great furnishings but hardly entourage size. If I where a rockstar..........I wouldn't stay here	
Sep 14 2009 	Don`t expect too much	I booked the rooms in the hotel`s website. It left an impression of a large hotel, as it had the booking system in their www, and after booking i received a message to my email...When we arrived there, it turned out that their &quot;booking system&quot; is a notebook:)We had two rooms - Double and Quadraple. Double room was the size of a closet, bathroom was so small that only slim people can use it. Quadraple room was large enough for three people, also the toilet was a little bit larger. Furniture was old, but it is ok if you don`t expect fancy design.Breakfast wasn`t self-service. Instead there are two ladies that bring you tea/coffee, toast, boiled eggs, etc...It is time consuming if there are many people in breakfast room. Food choice wasn`t too large.Location of the hotel is very good, unless you want to live in the very centre of London. A few minute walk to metro station. There are possibilities to eat outside, also cinema, and a nice pizzeria right next to the hotel (when we stayed there, it had a good deal for take-away pizzas).We tried to pay by card (website said that it is possible to pay with credit/debit cards), we tried two cards, but it didn`t work out. So we had to pay in cash.All in all, if your priority is not a fancy hotel, you can stay there. But next time i will definitely search for another hotel.	
Nov 3 2009 	A shame for London Olympics	The room where I stayed was tiny: 2,2 x 2,2 meters. The carpets and walls are dirty and filthy. The light has to be switch on outside the room. The paint on the wall is dirty and there are holes in the wall. There is no chest board and the room is furnitured by an old TV, placed on an old broken piece of furniture, has bad reception and faulty action bottoms. The room heating is not working and the proprietor borrowed me an electrical heating fan. The bed is too small for tall people and the mattress is dangerous for people with a fragile back. There is a toilet and a tiny shower, with unfinished blank wood, all dirty, filthy and dangerously exposed with nails. I injured myself my first day, so be vaccinated against tetanus. Careful, nails are also on the old dirty carpets of the sleeping room, so never walk with bare feet. Anyway, you would not dare because it's too dirty. There is also a big hole on the floor of the WC with broken tiles where cold draft is coming blowing cold air continously into your room.Do not look at the curtains which haven't been washed since ages. The breakfast is joke: 4 half slices of cheap and chewing gum like toast, only 1 sort of jam, but you can choose between cheapish tea and worn out coffee. Eastern European staff, poorly dressed and clearly demotivated, serve the breakfeast. Continental Hotel in the Westend is the cheapest hotel in London I have been in, however the money is not worth its value. It's dirty, cold, with a permanent draft so that you easily risk to catch a cold. Even for one who has a tight budget, saving a few pounds for a dirty hole, risking your health by hurting yourself with rusty nails, eventually ending up with sepsis or a tough flu, is not worth the money you are saving. The whole standard of the hotel is unacceptable, below any level of acceptance with rooms comparable to a prison hole. In the poorest places of underdeveloped Bolivia, I had much better accommodation in small but clean rooms provided by poor locals than in posh London. Even in underdeveloped countries, the very existence of dirty holes like in the Continental Hotel in London would be closed down. A cheap pension in Spain offers at least impeccably clean rooms. I understood from an Irish visitor that Continental Hotel even advertised in Ireland. Do not be tricked into the low prices! The only positive thing I can say about this hotel is that the location is good.In spite of the cheap hotel fare (I payed 20  for a night), it's neglected, dirty and overpriced. It's a shame for London to allow these hotels to operate. The local London authorities should seriously consider to regulate the hotel market for the upcoming Olympics and close down some of these so-called hotels like the Continental in Norfolk square for the sake of the international reputation of London and to improve the bad image investors have about this place.In all: this hotel was the greatest nightmare and the worst hotel in my life, just the rats were missing (probably I had the chance not to see them). There were no CCTV cameras, so there are also great security concerns if you leave anything like fancy clothes in your room. Anyone can ask for your key.There are no efforts at all to maintain this place and the filth and dirt is just disgusting, so never bring your wife or girl-friend into this place. The whole place is a disregard for travellers.	
Jun 25 2009 	Good value for money in Central London	I needed a room that same night in central London, but needing to keep costs down I set a budget of under 100. A tad ambitious, but about 20 phone calls later I tracked down the Hadleigh. They offered me their last room - a double - for 85, and I have to say that it was just fine for what I needed. I think I got the same room as the last reviewer on the 4th floor as my floor sloped too, but I didn't roll out of bed! The sheets were crisp, the towels clean, it was airy and bright and the TV had freeview so plenty of channel choice. The staff were polite and they give you a front door key for late returns. They also loan you a TV remote control at check in - clearly some have gone missing in the past!My only crtitisism would be that the general upkeep could be improved; the over-bed light didn't work and the shower was more of a dribble, but for an overnight it was fine, and I wasn't expecting a Holiday Inn. Not at 85 a night within 100 yards of Marble Arch. And if you arrive as I did by car, don't park overnight in the Bilton Towers NCP - it cost me 33; add on 2 days congestion charge and I should have let the train take the strain.Would I stay there again? Yes definitely, so much better than many 'cheaper' London hotels reviewed on this site.	
	Works for Me	This is trip #5 to London for me in the past 3 years and out of all 5 hotels in which I have stayed, I feel the Strand Palace works the best for me. Booked a package through Air Canada Vacations and got a very reasonable rate including breakfast. I was assigned a standard single room which was small like so most London hotel rooms in this price range, but it was clean, comfortable, functional and home for 8 days and nights. No complaints at all. Location is great with an easy walk to central London attrractions and the hotel is within a 5 minute walk to 4 tube stations (Embankment, Charing Cross, Temple and Covent Garden). Lots of cheap and fast eats handy as well as some great dining and theatres. The hotel breakfast was pretty standard English breakfast fare served fresh and hot. Seemed that a there was only a wait on weekends. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful and the doormen on the Strand were very welcoming. Overall the hotel rates well for value for price. I would stay here again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Stay away	We traveled at the end of August of 2009 and by booking mistake ended up at Warwick house in a room with 3 beds. What a dump! Stay away, unless you enjoy staying in a dirty, smelly, run down hotel with old furniture, water problems, and absolutely useless staff. Also, be aware of a hand typed note that they charge extra 5% for credit card payments and extra 10% for american express payments (this is ridiculous and not sure if this is legal too!) . In any case, they obviously prefer cash.I looked at venere.com which provided booking for this hotel and hotel pictures on the website have nothing to do with reality. The rooms are horrible, so once again, stay away.	
	A great little hotel- I'll be going again!	I decided to stay at Church Street Hotel as a result of the great reviews that it had received on TA and it 100% lived up to expectations. The hotel itself isn't that easy for us to get to, but it was an entirely manageable walk from the Oval tube station (about 20 minutes) and just around the corner from Denmark Hill train station. The bus links were also excellent. Although the hotel isn't in one of London's best neighbourhoods, we had absolutely no trouble at all. It was very handily placed for Brixton Academy and the guy on the 24 hour reception was more than happy to print me off a bus route and to give me detailed directions to the correct bus stop etc. We were expecting our room to be quite noisy, but as we picked a room with a shared bathroom (plus a sink in our own room), we were on the top floor and facing away from the street- I had a great nights sleep! Although I was a bit nervous about the shared bathroom, it was very clean and we didn't have to &quot;fight&quot; to use it. The room wasn't very big but it was entirely adequate. Our big wrought iron bed was ridiculously comfy and once we were inside the hotel, we really could have been in Mexico. The attention to detail was fantastic- even the hairdryer, coasters and fan in our room managed to conform to the theme! The hotel has a great little lounge and there was unlimited amounts of tea and &quot;real&quot; coffee. There was also a well stocked honesty bar for guests to enjoy. The complimentary organic chocs and chilli sauce in our room was also a very welcome treat! Breakfast was also very good. We had a choice of organic cereals, muffins, pastries, toast and preserves and an egg. The girls who were serving were attentive but didn't intrude too much.This hotel was a great find and I'll be staying again when I go to another gig at Brixton. It did live up to expectations and I would happily recommend to others.	
	Once again City Inn Westerminster shows why the chain is one of the best around	The City Inn chain is a fairly new and modern group and the Westminster City Inn is London's biggest new build hotel in 30 years.I was in London on my own and was delighted to find that the Westminster branch of CIty Inn Westminster is located about 5 minutes walk from the Houses of Parliament + Big Ben and is also within walking distance of the London Eye, Westminster Abbey and many places to eat. The nearest tube station is Pimlico which is about 5 minutes walk away. Also being in Wesminster it is also in a nice area and I felt safe walking back on my own at night.The staff at the hotel were all super-nice as well as being really efficient - this makes such a big difference.I found the room easily big enough for me with a large bed which is really warm thanks to a thick duvet - this seems to be so rare in many other hotels. Big pillows were also a nice addition.As well as that you also have a MAJOR plus point which is a standard City Inn feature - an iMac computer system in every room!! - this means you have a fully fledged internet system for free use. This is so brilliant and handy for checking local attractions, checking transport times, restaurants, maps etc etc as well as (if you want) keeping up with emails, ebay, facebook etc while away from home - and its all free with the room!Of course you can also hook your ipod up to the system as well.City Inn Westminster has a Pizza Express restaurant right next door which I used when the weather was bad - and they do take away if you want to bring it back to your room and eat it while watching a DVD like I did :)PROS:*Great location - about 5 minutes walk to the nearest tube station + Houses of Parliament (the tube access gives you all of London within easy reach)*Very comfortable and warm rooms*In room computer imac system - great for looking up information and doing email etc!*Nice polite staff*If you don't want to venture far to eat there is the hotel restaurant and there is a Pizza Express restaurant next door.* Quiet - I couldn't hear any traffic outside at all.CONS*There is a choice of continental or a fuller breakfast - I went for the included continental but though the fuller breakfast did look nice - it was quite pricey (the continental was fine for me).*I honestly cannot think of anything I didn't like!I wasn't sure where to stay in London originally as I have paid really cheap rates before and regretted it. But as I have stayed in other City Inn hotels I decided to give the London venue a try and was really glad I did. It was a very comfortable and convieniant stay with very friendly staff - I will certainly have this place at the top of my list the next time I visit.	
Oct 1 2008	good location to subway but thats about it	nothing really too great about this hotel other than the location. Looks are really deceiving - from the outside it looks like it would be really fancy, but no way! It's a very dreary hotel that really needs a makeover. Positive - staff was really nice. They had a library at the front desk and I was able to borrow a travel london book. Very nice of themSuper good location only for the subway. Really close to Earls Court station. 5- 10 mins on that and you are in the center of things. London is a really expensive city to find a place, but there has got to be a better place than this hotel. Keep looking in my opinion	
Nov 24 2009 	terrible hotel	We were told on arrival we had been upgraded to a triple room and this would be of no extra cost to us THANKS !!, The room was a disgrace dirty bed linen, stained carpets all over the hotel, very small room for 3 !! Water stain over carpet outside of bathroom that was faded and worn. No hot water knob on the shower BUT that was ok as the cold water was HOT . One member of the breakfast staff was rude unhelpful, wiped tables with a cloth picked up off the floor. The double bed was in fact a 3/4 bed and very very hard.The reception staff were friendly and polite but i wouldnt use this hotel ever again,alot of staff didnt speak good english andthe hotel was embaressing to what other countries provide for the same amount of monies.Everything else about our trip was excellent , just not the hotel hope the management listen to their customers/	
May 26 2009	WORSE TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I just stayed there and ended up with a bad rash! My friends and I thought it was bed bugs, but apparently there is a good chance it is scabies! The owner attempted to make up for it by giving us lots of wine. In addition, you only get one towel per your stay, and they do not clean your rooms. If I could I would give it a worse than terrible rating, overall.	
Nov 15 2009 	Good for what you pay for	I booked to stay in this hotel for five nights, i found the hotel very easy its only about 3 mins walk from Hammersmith station. i paid 35 a night and thought that was very reasionable for a hotel in the location that it was it. The room was small but was enough room just for me, there was a light coming away from the wall in the bedroom but that didnt bother me. The room was very clean and so was the bathroom. The problem i had with the bathroom was that they only seemed to be hot water first thing on a morning and if i wanted a shower on a evening it was cold, that was the only major problem i could find with this hotel. The maid came in every morning and cleaned the room and left fresh towels, the guys on reception were always very frendly when i spoke to them. My room was lovely and warm as the heating was on all the time. I think you get what you pay for, i really didnt mind the room and would stay there again. i was on the 2nd floor in room 220	
Jul 27 2009 	Clubbie	Old fashioned club atmosphere with all the advantages and disadvantages that go with that. Some might call it stodgy or snobby but most would call it elegant. Everything is old but the rooms are well decked out. Food is fair and drinks expensive but the atmosphere and location are excellent. Lots of door in corridors a bit strange but you definately feel like you are in London!	
Nov 9 2009 	estrimely good	We travel with our four childeren and we lodge in Kent hall infat my kids really love the family rome 39 in third floor b,co's it has a very big space for them to fun. i will be going back shortly and defenetly to K.H.H. the manager with glases is very nice, the staffs. Anna from Ireland.	
	A Super Superbreak	We spent three nights in The President Hotel in mid-November and had an excellent stay. I was slightly concerned that the reports were sort of 50/50, good and not so good, but either we were lucky (which I doubt!), or some people just do not understand what to expect for their money. Our room was very clean and recently refurbished, the only thing that I agree with, is that the beds are brick-hard and they rustle a bit! .....and I like an orthopaedic bed ..but you get accustomed to even that! Oh yes and that key you would NEVER take that with you, but it makes a reasonable shoe-horn!!Breakfast (full English) was efficient and the buffet selection was always plentiful, and we never encountered any of the queuing mentioned elsewhere.We booked through Thomsons and Superbreak and everything went very smoothly, even the trains were on time! All in all very good value for money.	
Oct 23 2009 	Noisiest hotel ever!	Stayed here for one night. Rude service at reception and would not let us check in before 2pm. Rooms were clean, however if you choose this hotel then you should bring earplugs. It is located on a very busy street with non-stop traffic into the am, including trucks. Couple this with the London Underground which ratttles the building every 10 minutes. Seriously avoid this hotel. Terrible. Worst hotel I stayed in during a two visit to the UK.	
Nov 23 2009 	Noise all night from clubs next door	There are clubs right next door to this hotel that go on until daylight. We were 8 floors up and the noise did not relent. Shouting, screeching car tyres, horns blasting, it was unbeievable. We complained and after an extensive arguement a refund was given. They even tried telling us to complain to the local council instead of them !! Accept your room with care.	
Nov 12 2009 	Cockroaches in the bathroom! Steer clear of the Central House Hotel!	This hotel is a disgrace and should be avoided at all costs. I stayed there for 1 night (10th-11th Nov 2009) and I would never EVER go back, nor would I wish such an unpleasant stay on anyone. PLEASE BE AWARE that this hotel is NOT what its website advertises as the pictures bear little resemblance to the actual room. A few details about my Central House Hotel Experience:-Room smelt of stale smoke-Ripped duvet cover-Shabby appearance (dirty walls, holes in the wall, very dirty and scratched laminate floor)-Broken sink-Broken lights-2 Cockroaches in the bathroom (absolutely disgusting and unacceptable!)-Dirty bed-side table (cup stains)-Cracked bathroom tiles-NO HEATING!When I requested to complain about my stay I was told that I was to send an email to the hotel. I have never stayed in such a poor and unsatisfactory hotel. Stay in another neighbouring better quality hotel if you can - there are many in the Victoria area.	
Sep 25 2009 	DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY STAYING HERE!	my boyfriend and I stayed here the night before we were going fly out to the USA from Heathrow and we sincerely regret staying here! We had to drag our suitcases up a flight of stairs to the &quot;reception&quot; area to be greeted by a guy who didn't care less that we had spent money to stay there, and had no idea how to give us any information...he kept saying a sentence then stopping....so bloody incoherent that we kept going to walk to the room and had to stop and turn around again. He could clearly see that I was struggling with my suitcase but offered no assistance, and then told us the room was on the fourth floor!!!! I am not lying when i say i nearly passed out trying to get up the horribly narrow staircases which were darkly lit. We finally made it to the room and couldn't believe how hot it was!!!!!! We then had a nightmare trying to lock the door as it didn't feel very safe at all but eventually got it sorted out! We even kept the window open ALL night but that didn't help at all....it was the most uncomfortable night I have ever had before a long haul flight and i was happy to get in the shower when I woke up! This turned out to be just a small trickle of water, no power to it at all. We woke up quite early, got ready, and left....we didn't even bother to stay for breakfast and just ate when we got to the airport. THIS IS A 100% HONEST ACCOUNT OF THIS TERRIBLE HOTEL! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY JUST BECAUSE THE LOCATION IS GOOD! SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR A DECENT PLACE! NEVER AGAIN!!!!	
	absolutely fabulous	everything about this hotel was excellent, the staff couldnt do enough for you but not in an overbearing way, from arriving to leaving we were looked after brilliantly, the rooms were gorgeous, the breakfast was lovely, and the setting was beautiful, cant say enough about this hotel and its staff, would love to stay there again....	
Aug 28 2009 	Get What You Pay For.	People may say that this hotel should be better furnished and have a worse rating. I do not agree, we got a room for three people for 78, 26 each. People may complain but if you can find me a better price for a hotel in the center of london i'd like to know where it is. Travelodge and holiday inn etc are more expensive in the center of london and they are of worse quality than somerset house. the rooms were clean, we had a television and a on-suite bathroom (altough basic with a weak powered shower). The Location was excellent, literally a 60 seconds from marlybone station. Everything was clean enougth and service wasnt brilliant, then again what do you expect for so cheap in central london.	
Oct 22 2009 	Good location rooms quite small but overall value for money	The reception and bar area were welcoming, the lift needs a little updating, having said that the room was clean and represented value for money if a little small. Good location near to museums and portable air con unit in the room did the trick.	
Oct 15 2009 	Terrible experience	The only plus side is the location.Negative points1 Reception non existence. sit and watch TV or playing games and refuse to help at all. Leaves desk at eight at night then you are stuck. On departure the reception refused to contact taxi service so had to stand in the main road with all luggage to obtain taxi service by stopping taxi as they drive by. Two elderly ladies had to carry their luggage down flights of stairs as the reception refused to render any assistance.2 Rooms terrible stale and not ventilated. Had to finish making up the bead one day out of the 4 days as the bedspread was bundled up in the corner of the room. (this was at nine in the evening on our return to the hotel)Single bed linen on double bed does nor work. We slept more on the mattress as on the sheets and on top of it all the linen had holes in it as well.3 Breakfast What a disaster This hotel do not understand the meaning of continental breakfast. What you get is- A water downed artificial juice which tasted like nothing ever tasted before.- Over Boiled cold eggs as blue as it can be.- Cerials with no taste at all.- Cheese (one variate) slivers so thin that in the event of lifting them they tare apart.- Meat slivers from the lowest grade and standard possible.- Only sliced bread which you had to toast yourself no other option of buns or muffins, fresh fruit or even yogurt available.- One platter of the same cheese and meat every day- Dining room without table cloths and packed with to many tables and chairs for you to move around when 50 % occupied.In conclusionThe world rate South Africa as a 3rd world BUT I can assure you that our one star Hotels are better than this three star dump (hotel)	
	Horrid experience.	Aside from the fact that we weren't informed that there was no hot water or heat until after we'd paid for the rooms (non-refundable, of course), I WAS ROBBED in this hotel. The desk clerk was totally disinterested, did nothing to help, and he had the most appalling manner. We'd left our luggage with reception because the room wasn't available until 2pm -when we got back at 4:30pm, my backpack was gone. After insisting that someone do something about it, we got access to the security cameras, which showed clearly how a stranger walked into the reception area from the street on pretext of being a client and minutes later, attached my backpack to his own bag and walked out - while the entire staff were present! The baggage had been appropriately tagged by the hotel, and yet they claim no responsibility for the theft. There was no manager present, and no one of any authority could be contacted regarding any complaints. The room was mediocre, and noise from the corridors disturbed us late into the night. No hot water or heat the entire time. Shabby corridors. Truly awful experience - don't go near this place.	
Sep 17 2007 	Wonderful find!!!	What a wonderful last minute find! It's a lovely hotel in a beautiful area of London. The manager, Veronica, was so accommodating! Nice, fresh, clean rooms and a lovely breakfast in the morning. Couldn't have asked for a nicer stay! Thank you very much!!	
Nov 4 2009 	Bed Bugs!	If you like sharing your bed with some hard shelled little mites, then this is the hotel for you!! It was honestly a disgrace. Luckily, I noticed the creatures before actually getting into bed, so we went to reception, with some of the dead animals and the man at the desk shrugged and said he didn't know what they were and there was nothing he could do about it. We went back to the room with some clean linens to try again.. and found more on the beds. So of course, we couldn't stay there. I went back down to reception with my pillow which had a bug crawling on it and again... he was disgusted but said there was nothing he could do. I asked for a refund as I wanted to look for another hotel but he said he couldn't authorise it. He had to speak to the manager. So I had to pay out more money for another hotel with no guarantee that I would have my money back. I returned to the hotel the following day to be told the manager had ok'd my refund but it had to go back on my card. I had no money in my account to pay for the new hotel and was refused cash. (I think legally, I should've been granted a cash refund) They really didn't care and the manager refused to speak to me personally to take my complaint. I was also told that as soon as the manager arrived at the hotel (he had to be there in person to authorise the refund) that he would phone me to let me know. I had no phone call and no apology. The woman at the reception desk that day had tried to tell me that I was the only person to make this complaint. We then informed her of ther numerous people we'd spoken to in the area who said their hotel was well known for being dirty. She then back tracked and said.. &quot;I mean, you're the first complaint from that room..&quot;.. as if that makes it any better! I understand that she was the middle man and hygiene standards in the hotel are not her fault but there was no need to try and cover up the mess with a lie. So if you want to avoid walking the streets of London at 1 in the morning with all your luggage in tow, just to find somewhere to stay...then I would recommend booking a different hotel. If Environmental Health actually inspected this place, I'm certain they'd fall short of standards.	
Oct 11 2009 	Be ready for the smallest room you ever have to stay in (hopefully). Excellent location	This was my first time in London. I had friends staying close in South Kensington so they recommended this place to me. (I'm a student and on a budget). It was pretty cheap (for London), but, of course, there is a reason for it. When we checked in the lady told us, &quot;It's worse than you think.&quot; (haha). I think the hotel loses a lot of customers after the first night of staying - particularly Americans who are used to bigger rooms. I also think that you just have to prepare yourself - even with the pictures on this website I was still not prepared. However, the location was great, London was fabulous - can't wait to go back. But when I do, hopefully I won't be staying in this hotel again. I would recommend it, if you are traveling with a very small budget, just plan to use the room for sleeping &amp; quick showers and changing sessions.	
Aug 18 2008 	Felt like home!	Me, my friend and my mom spent a weekend (15. and 16.8. 2008) in the Avalon hotel and we absolutely loved this place! After having read some of the reviews and because of the bargain price (79 pounds/night for a triple room) we were mentally prepared for some hostel-like disastrous accommodation, but we have found a real gem instead! We arrived at London on early Friday morning and the hotel was just a few minutes walk from the St. Pancras International railway/metro station, situated in a really calm street and there were also lots of small shops and restaurants nearby.The hotel had a cosy hall and a pleasant atmosphere with soft carpets everywhere.All the hotel staff was very nice and friendly. It was absolutely no problem to leave our luggage in the hotel before the check-in and again the whole day after the check-out. Our room was situated on the top floor and there was everything that a tourist might need to stay overnight. The toilets and shower/bathtub were in the corridor on our floor and everything was very neat and clean. Our room was large, with a wash-basin, a plug adaptor, a TV and facilities to make our tea/coffee. The beds were comfortable and we heard no noise from the neighbours. In fact, there must have been other people on our floor (the hotel had no vacancies), but we never saw anyone nor had to wait for the shower or toilet...We had a great time in London, were very satisfied with the Avalon hotel and will definitely come back there again!	
Nov 18 2009 	Loved the Oliver	This central, comfy hotel is very cosy &amp; homely and close to Kensington High Street and Earls Court Tube Station. A 15 to 20-minute walk will bring you to Harrods, Oxford Street, Hyde Park and Piccadilly. Hotel Oliver is in Central London and is well equipped for a low-price stay. Free tea/coffee is available in the breakfast room 24 hours a day, and there is free wireless internet access. There is easy access to buses and trains. The Piccadilly Line service from Earls Court Tube Station goes directly to Heathrow Airport. Secured car parking is available with prior arrangement.	
	Excellent base for London sightseeing	I have to say after reading some of the reviews of this hotel regarding location, I nearly cancelled our booking. I am so pleased I didn't. The hotel is clean, modern and a pleasure to stay in. The location is no problem whatsoever and the transport links are superb. The bus stop located right outside the hotel had a regular 24hr service which either dropped you at the nearby Kilburn tube station or at Oxford Street. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again whilst visiting London.	
Nov 2 2009 	great location	I recently stayed here for three nights. I thought that the room was a good size for London, it was clean had a nice ensuite bathroom. The staff were polite. The best aspect of this hotel is its location.It is so close to Earl's Court station which is very well serviced by all tube lines. We didnt eat in the hotel but there are plenty of places around. Overall I was very happy with this hotel and would stay here again.	
Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic Staff	I stayed a weekend at this hotel, Staff friendly - Mr Mallick and Mr Arun who looked after us very well. Prompt check in, lift had some hiccups with keycard but Mr Arun sorted. Breakfast needs some improvement. Hotel would be in the 2012 Olympic village and lot of builders stayed here.	
Nov 25 2009 	Stay away!!!	DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOLE!! Don't know where to begin really. From the second I entered the building (which should be demolished, set on fire to cleanse it from impurities and then inspected by men wearing radiation suits for substances hazardous to health) I instantly felt dirty. The entire building smelt like curry. The reception and bell boy (who was constantly on his phone) seemed genuinely surprised to see guests and the first thing they asked us for was payment, clearly because most people take one look and run a mile as I later found. Our 'room' can only be described as the basement. They stuck us in the room farthest away from the reception area and took us on a tour of the inner-workings of the building, much to our horror, taking us past the kitchen in the process. DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT ORDERING FOOD FROM HERE! The bedding looked liked it had not been washed in months, the carpet resembled something more like the floor of an animal enclosure and the bathroom isn't even worth mentioning. Clearly I wasn't expecting 5 star accomadation for the price, just somewhere we could dump our bags and explore London for the evening before coming back to somewhere clean and comfortable. Needless to say we spent most of our trip trying to find an alternate place to sleep and ended up checking out way before bed time. What summed up this mis-adventure was as we were stood outside waiting for a taxi another couple who also arrived the same day we did, were also checking out early. Need I say anymore??	
Sep 20 2009	Hasta la Vista Victor!	A superbly located Hotel, clean rooms, brilliant, helpful staff and an eviable workout on the legs too, bless those stairs! There have been complaints about there being no lift, where do you put a lift in an establishment with such limited space? Limited space, which I think has been used to its' very best. It's excellent value for money, in an area that is great to come back to ater a day out in the big city. Clean rooms, excellent bathroom (I travel with shampoo so previous complaints about there being none go past me, if you want toiletries, go 4/5 star or buy some, there's a local Sainsburys just down the road, it's opposite the Preto restaurant which I also recommend!).I have also seen complaints on here about the breakfast room being too small, I disagree. There's only 22 rooms, some of which are singles. This was adequately reflected in the breakfast room. AND WHAT A BREAKAST! More than enough choice to keep you going for a while and so good to see fresh fruit available, along with a decent coffee, also offered were croissants, toast and cereals. I needed the stairs to work off some that breakfast!This morning I had my fill of fruit and croissants then walked the tiny distance back to Victoria to get home after a wonderful weekend. I'll be back!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Great location nice hotel tiny rooms	The hotel was just as antiipated- modern, very clean (my #1 criteria), convenient with tiny rooms. We took the cheapest room since we are only in the room to sleep and the room was as past reviews stated tiny, and he bed small. One side of double bed was against the wall, other side had about 18&quot; between bed and closet. There was a nook with a desk, TV, frig, comfortable bed-although small, good AC and an elevator so it had all we needed. We went on a cruise from here and our cabin on the ship felt large and spacious after 2 nights in our tiny room. The location was great -Several tube and bus lines, plus a hop-on hop-off bus stop right at your door, plus Hyde Park was a few blocks away. There were a good choice of reasonable pubs and restaurants within a block or 2, most frequented by the locals. The include breakfast was a choice of anything on the menu at their sister hotel a block away (went there the 2 days and had a great breakfast) or at the coffee shop type restaurant located next door (door in lobby leads to it) to hotel. The staff were pleasant and helpful. We thought it was a decent buy and would stay here again, but if you go for the lowest priced rooms expect TINY.	
May 17 2008 	Refurbished? - you wouldn't think so at all!	The threadbare carpets on entry are the first indication that all is not well!I changed rooms because of a non-functioning light which I made several trips up and down the stairs to try and unsuccessfully rectify, but worse was to come.Unfortunately I didn't find out the bed base in the second room was knackered at the head end before I wanted to go to sleep so I had to put the pillow at the other end. It was lumpy, obviously beyond its useful life and I wouldn't even be able to give it away; it was an ex-bed.The hotel is frequented by night shift workers, and those in the next room liked the TV on loud and weren't shy in sharing their conversation with me either. About 1.30 am. they went out slamming the door too but peace and quiet were restored.Breakfast is an exercise as to how little they can get away with letting you have. Fruit juice OR porridge OR cereals etc. Followed by bacon egg &amp; tomato OR sausage beans and egg etc. (you can only choose three items) so a full house doesn't exist. The coffee was undrinkable sludge.On departure I took up the state of lousy bed with the owner who had the gall to deny she knew anything about it as she didn't sleep in any of the rooms (I would never have guessed). Considering the state of the other room it makes me wonder if they are all so tired. A &quot;hands-on&quot; proprietor? I don't think so!It cost me 54 for b &amp; b which was about as poor a value as I've experienced. I stayed at a Best Western in Brighton a couple of months previously for 2 nights for 58 in total including a huge breakfast.Fire regulations are breached as all fire doors on the first floor were propped open with door stops the whole time I was there (mercifully not too long).The Advertising Standards Authority might like to look at their website that states it's fully refurbished. When exactly? Circa 1990? The Trades Description Act might also come into play too!It's a shabby hotel and best avoided.	
Oct 23 2009 	Marriott London	Docklands might be a bit away from the centre, but a longer Tube ride is a sacrifice I was glad to make for such a nice hotel. And Canary Wharf was an attraction in itself.I highly recommend the hotel, and it can be affordable on weekend rates as well.Rooms are spacious and the view is great as well.	
Nov 12 2009 	good if u only sleep there	small hotel, but it deff needs repairgood if u only spend there night sleeping ))) plus is that there is a great place called Nando's which is specialized in chicken. great place for those who love spicy food.	
	Great for the Money.	For what we paid to stay here for 6 of us we were happy. The staff were fine and friendly. Would stay again no problem at all. Our rooms were basic but clean and comfy - more towels available you just have to ask.Its a Travel Lodge not the Ritz people should know that before they book it !Short walk to Wetherspoons for full english 2.99 and it was fab !	
Nov 10 2009 	good value for your money	The hotel was nice enough for the money we paid. The bathroom was slighty gross but even a slight hygiene freak like me had no problems there. The breakfast wasn't anything special, just cornflakes, muesli and toast with cheese/marmalade but filled you nonetheless. The public transportation connections were good especially the Piccadilly and Victoria lines nearby. Would go there again.	
Nov 10 2009 	Continues to be a satisfactory experience.	We have stayed here three times in the past four years and continue to find the excellent location and satisfactory amenities suitable to our needs. The hotel is modest but comfortable. When we checked in, we did find our reserved room to be very small so we negotiated an upgrade. Manager Joanna and her staff (Fernando and Eddie) were overly accommodating.The continental breakfast selection includes croissants, fruit, cereal, yogurt, cheese, coldcuts, plus toast, coffee and tea. Many breakfast rooms in the UK are downstairs like this one. The beds and linens were terrific. Coffee and tea were in the room plus cookies or biscuits as a snack. There is free internet access in the cozy bar off the lobby.For our needs, there is no better location than the Paddington area and this hotel is one we will return to.	
Jan 30 2009	never again ...e ver	I would rather sleep in heathrow than sleep here. I should have walked away but maybe the cheapness of the room and the good location encouraged methe receptionist sat behind the desk, an old woman with a towel around her shoulders, horrible reception, chinese woman with children running about in short skirtsThe bedroom was ok, moudly bathroom I washed my hair in the sink the shower was just a no go area. my bed was ok but I didnt feel safe or clean! I slept in my coat. do not stay here	
Nov 22 2009 	Not worth the money - run down - stay at another Hilton Property	I stayed here for two nights. I got a deal on Priceline but a deal in London is different from a deal in the US. I would not classify this as a 4-star hotel, but I had to remind myself that hotels are generally smaller all over Europe. It was dingy and only worth around USD 50 per night. When I complained to the hotel, all I got was some discount or deal to stay again this year. Sorry, but it is not as if I jump on a plane to London for leisure several times a year. I would recommend the Hilton at Paddington, at least from what I could tell from the photos.	
Nov 2 2009 	Big improvement since our last visit	We stayed in Athena Hotel in 2007, and thought it is very nice hotel worth to come back to however this time I was amazed on huge improvement this hotel has made. From the very beginning and through all our stay we received friendly and helpful service at reception. Rooms have been recently refreshed with new wall paper, headboards, bed lamps and some furniture. We were very pleased, room looks fresh and clean. Dont look at the photos put on this site, those are out of date. Breakfast is good but when the hotel is full restaurant is very busy just before 9am. It could be very good idea to have breakfast half an hour earlier when other people are still in the rooms.	
May 17 2009 	Seriously - DO NOT stay here	I stayed at this hotel with my husband, my sister and brother-in-law. We wanted somewhere convenient to stay for Twickenham and just needed somewhere to put our 'head down for the night'. The fact that we were all relieved to have brought hooded tops with us so we could protect our said heads when we put them down for the night should tell you how bad this hotel was. Our expectations weren't that high - it's cheap, it's in London but we expected somewhere clean and reasonably maintained - this hotel didn't tick either of those boxes. Simply put this hotel is disgusting - funky smell, funky stains everywhere, beds that must be over 20 years old and look dirty. The 'ensuite' is tiny - in mine and my husbands room if you ran the tap in the sink 'water' would come bubbling up from the shower and fill the room with the most rancid smell. In my sister's room the hot water tap had come off and the shower dripped all night. Needless to say we stayed out as long as we could and left at the earliest opportunity in the morning without sampling the breakfast (if the rooms were that disgusting we couldn't bring ourselves to eat anything that had come out of the kitchen). I wouldn't stay at this hotel at any cost - even if the rooms were free. Lesson learnt - always check reviews of a hotel before booking....I really wish we had.	
	A great place to stay in Lodon	We were upgraded to a 3 bedroom apt that was fabulous: stylish, roomy and modern. There were a few issues in the kitchen that were quickly set right by the very helpful staff. The beds were comfortable and there was plenty of hot water in the well appointed bathrooms. The staff went out of their way to be friendly and helpful, especially Francesco. There was a great little restraunt and bar; an adjacent shopping arcade and a good gym and pool. What more could you want?	
Nov 20 2009 	Very Reasonable !	Good value for money. We stayed in a family room, the bathroom was very spacious. We stayed for a long weekend and found it perfectly adequate. Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was nice. Beds were uncomfortable though, unfortunately, but we weren't staying long enough for that to be an issue. Good location too, very short walk from Kings Cross Station. Generally good enough. Some people have unrealistic expectations - what you pay for is usually what you get, if you're expecting The Ritz then don't !	
Nov 23 2009 	Good value	Me and my partner have just stayed at this Travelodge whilst visiting the tennis at the o2.I was a bit weary about leaving my mini in the hotel carpark after reading previous reviews about carpark secruity and having walked to the all night shop around the corner I can see that the carpark could be better protected by a fence.We parked outside the front widow of the reception and had no problems.When we got to our room it was very clean and the bed was comfortable though take your earplugs due to the aircraft taking off.Overall the staff where helpfull and its very convenient for the o2 arena.	
Nov 5 2009 	Mixed	Positives - we needed somewhere comfortable to stay near friends and this was very good. Rather mercantile and soulless, I expect, for those who expect fluffy cushions and chintz from an English hotel - but I really liked the modern simplicity of the place. Very good deal on the room - a comfortable suite for 135, including a full breakfast. Lord knows who pays the full rack rate price of 345. Bustling, jolly place, well lit and a very nice room.Downside - they charged us after we left for some mini bar items we never took. OK, these things happen, but my goodwill is definitely reduced by having to chase after people who have pickpocketed you. Small point - it was raining like hell when we arrived (and left) and they had closed off the front yard to vehicles. Probably for a good reason, but we had to creep about to find a parking space and then get soaked both there and back. Annoying.I also suspect (but only suspect) they use some ferocious cleaning products. I came down with a vehement allergic reaction the morning I awoke. It could have been my friends' cooking, but I suspect it was towels/sheets/soap/carpet cleaner or some such. I could of course be completely wrong!Finally, it takes a little finding. The satnav and I hunted about for quite a while before we tracked it down. Signage could be better too. But these are details!On balance, I'd probably go back if I had to stay in that area. Not much choice in English countryside and I far prefer a clean, jolly business hotel to the stuffy, overpriced chintz places that you often find in towns like this.	
Nov 11 2009 	Best budget hotel in London	We stayed at this hotel in one of their quad rooms, It was right at the top of the hotel so consequently a bit of walk with cases, however once there we were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room which was more than adequate for a family of four. The en suite bathroom was very clean as was the bedroom itself. Towels and shower freebies were changed or renewed daily. As was the tea/coffee/hot chocolate making facilities (we used our bottled water in the kettle for ease). The beds were very comfortable and sheets immaculate.The breakfast is excellent. To start there is a buffet table of cereals, fruit, yoghurt, tinned fruit, pastries etc followed by a full english breakfast or scrambled eggs with smoked salmon. The waitress serves as much toast and tea and coffee that you want. It must be the best breakfast in the whole of London. The staff are friendly and helpful, they let us leave our luggage free of charge on the last day so we could spend all day in London before having to catch our evening train.We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to any family, it is very central in what appears to be a safe environment, there are plenty of buses and Russell Square Tube Station really is only a short walk.	
Nov 3 2009 	Only saving grace is the Location	Very little positive things to say about this hotel except for the location.Staff very rude, rooms very shabby, carpets very dirty.	
Nov 17 2009 	Small rooms; awful beds; tini bathrooms... bad experience	The location is perfect, 1m walking from sloane square tube station. The rooms, bed, toilets and breakfast are very poor. It's bad value for the money. I won't comeback!	
	Best value location and rooms all in one	Just got back from our England trip and stayed our last night at the Premier Hotel. It's our second stay there and it's even better than out last trip. Much improved dining area. Great food and Bar. Our room was compact but well appointed and exceptionally clean. The location is great, just off the lively Earls Court road and a 2 minute walk to the tube. Close also to Holland Park and Hyde Park. Parking is always expensive but it's close for short term and long term parking. The staff are excellent and always helpful. We'll be looking to stay there again on our next family visit. It is definitely the best family value around.	
Nov 17 2009 	Not Sincere !!	My boyfriend and I took a trip to London this weekend. He had an interview down there so we decided to treat ourselves and go down the night before, book a nice hotel, meal and see the sights. I have stayed with other Malmaison and feel I know the brand well, as we are both foodies I thought this would be perfect for us. We even got a good deal - the Sunday supplement. You have to spend a certain amount in the Brasserie and then you get a good rate on your room. We checked in, all thought the receptionist asked all the right questions, it definitely lacked politeness and any form of warmth. Our room was small but otherwise nice. The bath tub however has left me with a very nasty bruise on my thigh. The tub is very deep which my in option is a good thing but it lack any thought of how one might get out without falling. There was no rail and with a tub this deep it was some effort to get out.Our main issue was with the Brasserie.We ordered our starters and drinks; the waitress was very friendly and helpful. Both my boyfriend and I ordered steak at 20 odd quid each, we were looking forward to it. I had asked my for medium to well-done and my boyfriend medium to rare - they both came out cooked the same. The worst part though was finding a large shard of metal cooked in to one if his chips. We showed the waitress this shard of metal who did apologise and said she would get the manager - instead of the manager coming over he sent her back saying we could have a free dessert worth 5 each. Working in hospitality myself I thought this was by no way good enough and asked for the manager.When he came over, there was an apology but it lacked being sincere or even concerned. After explaining the situation to him, he told us that they located the fryer used and had shut this off - we found very strange as we only just told him - not the waitress that it was found in a chip. Quick thinking on the managers part but clearly a lie showing no respect for either us as customers  loyal customers, or the gravity or the situation. We were told that because we were on a package that where was nothing they could do. We were not so much looking for compensation but for a sincere reaction and concern for health and safety.In the end we did not pay for the meal but I still feel very annoyed and disappointed with the way we were treated and the lack of response to the situation.	
May 26 2009 	very nice	I was amazed by this hotel...it was so nice and comfortable, the room was big enough for 2 persons, the bathroom was kind of small , but ok. Each day the housekeepers arraged our bed, and swept the floor, took away our garbage and put new towels and toilet paper. The breakfast was typically English, with bacon, eggs, beans, toast, etc...and its all you can eat. The staff was very friendly, they even offered to keep our luggage after check out, in order for us to spend a little more time shopping before we went to the airport. The hotel is very close to the bus station, subway, train, has many restaurants and shops around. I will deffinetly stay there again.	
	UNSAFE - avoid at all costs	Due to availability, I was booked into a double room for the first night and asked if I minded being moved to a single room for the remaining 2 nights. My suitcase would be moved during the day, hotel mgmt. assured me. Not only was the suitcase not moved, but two unsupervised minors were checked into the double room. They must have thought Christmas came early, as they completely ransacked the suitcase, stole a number of items, including passport (thrown in bin), stole car keys etc. Hotel management extremely slow to accept responsibility at every stage, even though it clearly is their responsibility and liability, no refund of room costs offered or agreed to once requested insistently, some damages paid after legal action was threatened, still dragging feet on paying remaining damages - may need to take them to court next.Hands down the worst hotel experience I've ever had.	
Nov 9 2009 	AVOID AT ALL COSTS!	First start with positives - nice location, close to Bayswater tube. Modern hotel, staff didn't have great English but understandable. Rooms modern looking.Bad points - cold continental breaksfast, pathetic, poor service, no explanation and got 1 cup of coffee with no refills and 4 slices of cold toast between 2.Pillows are thin, bed is hard, room is small, bathroom is small and steams up in no time at all.Wooden floors look nice but mean that you can hear every room around you (and they can hear you!)Rooms have the thinnest walls imaginable, can hear everything from all surrounding rooms and outside. Was woken by cleaners shouting at 7:30 one morning and next doors tv being on (not that loud, just how thin the wamms are) meant we didn't get to sleep until after 1am and then one of the rooms had a wake up alarm set which due to the thin walls meant we were all woken up by it.If we had paid full price(we got subsidy from travel agents for booking holiday with them) I would have been furious and asked for money back or to be transferred to another hotel.Not good, not good at all!	
Nov 19 2009 	Maybe the best you can get at this price	If you're looking for budget accommodation, then I definitely recommend Enrico. Yes, the rooms are very small and there isn't an elevator but it's clean, the staff is very friendly and the location is excellent - just a 5 minutes-walk from Victoria Station and about 15 minutes by foot from the Buckingham Palace!	
	Overbooked - Disapointed	We booked a room at the Bloomsbury specifically because of it's location - walking distance to theaters, restaurants, the musuem, etc. We arrived early around 1PM and were told that our room was not ready yet, so we left our bags and went out for lunch. When we returned we were told the hotel was overbooked and there was no room for us (we were also told that other people were in the same situation as some sort of consolation that we weren't the only people they did this to). While I think this is totally unacceptable, they did the only thing they could and re-booked us at their sister hotel, the Kensington. That hotel was excellent, but it is in a completely different area of the city. While they paid for a cab to take us to the other hotel to check in, we still had to pay for our transportation to go out in the evening because we couldn't walk to the restaurant/theater. We also asked if they would compensate us for that, but they said no.The final thing that bothered me about the whole situation was that when we arrived at the other hotel they booked for us, the front desk there seemed to have no idea about our situation or that they owed the cab driver for our fare. They had to call back to the Bloomsbury to confirm our new reservation and made the cab driver wait to pay him (this was a bit uncomfortable). The Bloomsbury could have called ahead to make sure that things went more smoothly.So, they lobby looks very nice, but unfortunately we never got to see the rooms.	
Nov 24 2009 	really small rooms good location!	ok if u don't want to spend a lot of time in your room (which is good only for shower and sleep), very good connections by public transport, only 1 min walk to earls court underground, yet on a quiet street.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Hotel	After travelling across Scotland and England we were lucky enough to spend our final days at the Bewers Inn. It's well located and easily accessible by bus - day and night, and there's a range of convenience shops nearbyby as well as a major shopping centre about 300 metres away.Our room was large and well appointed, with a smart bathroom as well - we lacked for nothing. There were some stairs to climb, but they weren't too bad.Downstairs is a large bar area with a good atmosphere, and the restaurant is attached. We ate a hearty breakfast there each day, and dined there on several nights as well; food was good well cooked English staple fare, but tasty and good value.The place was very clean, and the staff were amongst the most engaging of any we found on our entire trip. I would heartily recommend the Brewers Inn as a place to stay	
	This hotel is quaint warm and welcoming.	My husband, mother inlaw and I stayed 3 nights at this lovely hotel. From the moment we stepped out of the taxi we were welcomed and felt at ease. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Our rooms were quaint and warm, one could not ask for anything as far as amenities went. The turn down service included a lit candle on the side of the bath, it was such a nice touch that one could not help but to enjoy a long bubble bath. The resuraunt is cozy and homelike and the food was wonderful. We are looking forward to going there again in the future.	
Oct 16 2009 	was ok	not too bad given the location. rooms were really old, felt like someone had maybe died in there.got some sleep though and its on a quiet area and easy to find. not overly clean.female receptionist was very rude.	
Nov 25 2009 	May be we were unlucky but too many problems	The good bits: Spacious, well decorated, clean rooms. All the staff - bar one - were charming, helpful and friendly.The bad bits:We had booked a non-smoking room for two nights. We were given a smoking room. When we went down to ask to have the type of room we had booked, the receptionist glared at us, and went in to the back room, with out saying anything. When she returned, I showed her our booking confirmation. She studied it, and said: 'Non smoking. That's only a request.' Huh? With bad grace, she gave us a ground floor non smoking room. An apology and a better attitude would have been welcome. The ground floor room, in itself, was no problem, but - on the second evening the restaurant beneath us had been booked for a special event. At about 7:00pm, the dreaded thud, thud, thud of the disco came booming through the floor. On complaining, I was told that it should finish by midnight or so. I said that wasn't good enough, and could we see the manager to voice our concerns. We were told that the manager didn't want to see us (what's the point of having a manager on duty if not to handle complaints?) This receptionist was very helpful and polite, and moved us to our third room - the one I wish we had had in the first place.The bath and shower was too much of a compromise. The bath was tiny, and the shower was underpowered. I don't mind which I have, but either the bath should be bigger or the shower more powerful.The (strangely, in this day and age) analogue TV wasn't working properly some of the time. Our newspaper didn't arrive before we checked out (10:00am). The breakfasts were very good: a large buffet, including locally reared sausages (well, pigs, I suppose). I wasn't aware there was a pig farm in Acton, but you live and learn. Specials, at an extra cost, were also theoretically available. I say theoretically because they ran out of kippers.We had dinner on one night: overall very good, except that my citrus crusted monkfish fillets were definitely...fishy. Too fishy - in a somewhat going off state. An ambitious menu, largely successful, though.Charging 15 plus 25p per minute for internet access is a little steep, in my opinion.Despite this catalogue of complaints, I do think we were probably unlucky. I would give this chain another go.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great find	Decent budgethotel at a good price and an excellent location. Staff friendly except the girls in the breakfastroom who didn't care very much. Triple room was not very big but we had a nice bathroom with excellent shower. Would go back on a next citytrip to London.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Value London Hotel	Hotel is short walk from Bayswater underground-improving area with good shops and numerous places to eat and drink. All the main chains are here and a lot of arab and thai establishments, which looked nice. Also some nice looking pubs-an improving area it appeared. Took two rooms on third floor. (303/308) For the price 74 each they were exceptional value. Rooms modern and hotel was clean including rooms. Cleaning staff all over and busy fair play. Power shower good as was tv and small kitchen/mini bar. These rooms are really good value, with modern furniture and wooden floors. The size was also not a problem and more than enough with a desk and kitchenette. The reception were fine as was communication before hand. Based on this visit I would certainly book again and I was pleasantly surprised with everything. I am quite happy to slate bad service, but in all fairness I found the hotel way above my expectations. Other rooms may be different who knows but these were great. Small hotel making a go of it at really affordable prices.	
Aug 15 2009 	Good budget hotel - location a little remote	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights with my husband who stays here most weeks. As you would expect it is fairly basic but reasonably priced for greater London. The rooms are small and would be ideal for single people but they become a little cramped for two over a number of nights. There are a limited number of hangers so for two people who are both working this was a problem. The beds are not particularly comfortable and the towels are in need of replacement as they are very thin and grey. Don't expect a full English breakfast but the options available are ideal for a quick breakfast. As it is next to Sainsbury's there is the option of buying sandwiches, salads and takeaway hot food. Walthamstow has a very large number of fast food/takeaway options although we have not tried any. Chingford is easily reached by bus - and there are some fabulous eating places here. The tapas bar and Thai restaurant are both next to Chingford station and are good. Commuting to London takes about an hour - from the hotel it is a bus and tube on the Victoria Line.	
Nov 18 2009 	Fine for the price	London's not a cheap city, but as budget hotels go, this is reasonable value. Single rooms were clean, narrow Ikea beds, but comfortable. Fruit, water, instant coffee and tea bags provided. As mentioned before, staff all very helpful and polite, went out of their way to make sure my internet connection was adequate (not all rooms get good reception). The chinese restaurant shown above is no longer there, the new large lobby is in it's place, and there's a small chicken and falafel place adjoining, serving mainly students from the university across the street. It was generally quite quiet the week I was there, with the exception of a drunk screaming outside one night, and an apparent domestic dispute at the nearby student residence another night.	
Sep 26 2009 	Absolutely disgusting!	The negative reviews of this disgusting hotel are true. Everything was dirty. The blankets were used and unwashed. The room was disgusting, the bathroom was tiny and dirty. It was the worst place we ever stayed in. There was nothing good about this 'hotel'. Even though the location was fine, our stay was marred by the experience. The service was terrible. 1 night there was too much. We did not sleep a wink and could hear the street noises through the single glazed windows. Avoid at all costs!	
Nov 9 2009 	Very good hotel in excellent location	Hotel is situated on a quiet leafy street set back from actual roadway, very handy to Paddington Tube and surrounded by a variety of restaurants representing all cultures. We had some excellent meals, reasonably priced. The Sussex Arms pub in London Street must get a special mention as a warm friendly local pub with fabulous traditional British meals, highly recommended. (beer &amp; wine -all good).Hotel rooms are squishy (small), but only being there for sleeping doesn't make it an issue. Breakfast is standard continental with some welcome additions, fruit and musli.Reception and staff all very helpful, especially with directions and transport advice.Notably the No.15 bus runs along Praed Road nearby which covers all the London Tourist location on one bus route (except Abbey Road). Buy an Oyster card and enjoy London.	
Oct 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel in Quiet Location	My wife and I spent four nights in London starting on the 14th of October, 2009. We booked The Cranley based on a recommendation of a friend and we were positively surprised. Here are our our thoughts: The hotel: We felt as being in a friend's home than a hotel. I travel often for business, and Cranley is completely different than typical hotels. The hotel is small and charming, more of a bed and breakfast than a hotel. The room was a great size - even to American standards - and the decor typical. Bathroom was also on the large side with a great bath/shower. One thing that we'd recommend to the hotel management is to provide larger screen TVs and wider channel selection. The staff:Staff were friendly and efficient. room was made up on time, and at night, chocolates placed on bed. One night my wife took ill and i asked the night manager for hot water. Although he was the only staff in the hotel, i had a tray of hot water in my room within 3 minutes!The food:we did not eat breakfast at the hotel, but we saw the trays delivered to the rooms. They looked good. My wife enjoyed the afternoon tea, and i enjoyed the glass of champagne and appetizers in the evening. Location: The hotel is located in South Kensington on a quiet street. We loved it! We were close to a couple of Underground stations (5 minute walk from Gloucester Road station) and also walking distance to a variety of locations that we wanted to visit. There are a few really good restaurants/pubs around and we tried a few of them.	
Sep 11 2009 	Not so bad after all	I have stayed in much more expensive London hotels that were both filthier, noicier and less comfortable than this one, but this is definitely a hotel for shorter tourist trips where you travel light (cramped room and no elevator) and stay in the room as little as possible. The queen-size bed was nevertheless very comfortable, granting us a good night's sleep. We stayed for five nights, and the bed sheets were changed after three. They also changed our towels every day.The location is also tremendous with Marble Arch, Hyde Park and Oxford street only a few hundred meters away.The breakfast however, is just a joke with two small pieces of toast, a packet of corn flakes and a tube of nescafe. You also have to enjoy this &quot;meal&quot; in your room. The receptionists (all of them) were generally more interested in speaking in the phone or talking to visiting friends than serving the guests.With a few reservations, we recommend this hotel for shorter visits in London.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great location 	2nd visit this year. Very handy for Queensway(around the corner) or Bayswater tube stations, plenty of places to eat and shop. Over the road from Hyde Park very near to Kensington Palace. Never had problem checking in early after transatlantic flights staff always helpful.Breakfast faultless.	
	Great place	Stayed here on weekend of 28th Nov, with 3 other ladies. Was brilliant room, great value for money. Cant knock anything, it was fab. Would definitely recommend. The location is ideal and the tube is right outside the door. The staff couldnt do enough, it deserves its 4 stars. Kensington is a lovely place, very quiet and safe.	
	Peaceful stay in London bustle and hustle	The Beaufort feels a bit like home. Very nice staff, a complimentary bar with soft drinks and alcoholic beverages, a liitle lounge, quiet street, so close to Harrods, Knightbridge and even Piccadilly.We had a Junior Suite with King size bed, sofa bed and a rollaway, were we stayed with 2 adults and 2 teens. The bathroom was a bit small and there was only one washbassin. But that's the charms of the houses the Beaufort is settled in, I guess.	
Nov 24 2009 	Lovely stay	My husband and I stayed here as we were seeing a show at the Hammersmith Apollo. The reception staff were excellent and the room was lovely. The room had tea &amp; coffee facilities which was nice. Our room was at the front overlooking the main road and the green. We had no trouble with traffic or noise and we both said we would definately stay here again. The bar was also nice as was our meal, which at 20 for 2 mains and a bottle of wine was a bargain. Breakfast was awful - we waited an hour and it was like it had been cooked in a microwave - the sausage looked raw. Hope this helps.Lisa	
	perfect	I was part of a group of 4 couples stayed in this hotel and would recommend it highly.The rooms were a very good size and the location could not have been better less than 5 mins walk to oxford street and bond st tube station.lots of restaurants within walking distance.Staff in hotel were very helpfull and gave us lots of recommendations for restaurants shopping ,sightseeing etc.The hotel had a very relaxed atmosphere away from the hustle and bustle .	
Nov 23 2009	Suspicious flood or overbooking?	I do not fault this hotel in most respects, but my weekend was nearly ruined before it started (and it was a very special event) by the hotel phoning me on the morning of my intended arrival to tell me that two floors were flooded and I had to be bumped to another hotel miles away. I was very unhappy on the phone and they relented and I got my stay. I have no problem with the stay and rate the hotel well, but I am deeply concerned to see other postings here about overbooking. When I got to the hotel I saw no evidence of any flood - no signs mentioning any inconvenience etc - and no way were two floors out of action. No suggestion on the lift etc. The combination of this appearance with those other reviews makes me deeply suspicious that the &quot;flood&quot; never happened and that is very worrying. My trip was nearly ruined and would have been totally ruined had I not &quot;kicked off&quot; on the telephone. Anyone else know anything about the truth or otherwise of this situation on the weekend of 20 November 2009?	
Oct 13 2009 	No Concern for the Customer Here	We checked into the Winchester on May 11, 2009 after making a reservation several months in advance and requesting the ground floor due to problems with stair climbing. Friends were with us so we had two rooms. One room was on the first floor (2nd in US) and the other in the basement (#2), The room on the first floor was nice although small but the basement room was so small you couldn't get the closet door open all the way. But the main problem was the manager on duty. When we ask for a better room she said none were available and then proceeded to check later arrivals into better rooms. We ask for a restaurant recommendation but when we didn't let her make a reservation for us she became rude. After that almost anything I asked about I was told that she couldn't help me. Our room was very cold so we asked for heat but she told us if they gave us heat then the upstairs would get too hot. After much complaining the next day she finally turned on the heat for about an hour then shut it off again because people upstairs complained. The first night we had to take cold showers because the night clerk couldn't tell us how to operate the water temperature control. We had booked three nights but left after two because we couldn't take the cold cramped room or the lack of good service any more. They advertised free Wi Fi it didn't work. I have waited 5 months to write this review to make sure I hadn't changed my feelings about the Winchester. To be fair my daughter stayed at the Winchester a few weeks later without any negative incidents.	
Nov 24 2009 	It does exactly what it says on the tin	For a hotel which is located so central in London and so cheap it was great value for money. I found the staff friendly,breakfast was tea/coffee and toast which was lovley. If you close your window the tube trains sounds like a strong breeze outside. I had a 20 month baby and she slept all night, so noise was never a problem. I was very happy for the money i spent.	
	Crime central	I have to say the room was ok, but in the morning our car and 9 others had been broken into and staff where not at all interested one laughed and said we had 14 broken into the other saturday!!!!!! the best thing is that they charge you 5 for the secure parking, we would have been better parking in the street. Will never stay there ever again and will never recommend it.	
Nov 25 2009 	OK but not brilliant value	We booked this through lastminute as one of their discounted hotels. It was a step in price from the cheap budget hotels, but to be honest, when we arrived, you wouldn't have thought so. The hotel was a bit shabby, dated rather than decrepit, although the grand bar, pictures and staircase were quite impressive.We were initially put in a room in the basement but asked for a different room at reception, before we'd seen it, since we'd requested a high room when we booked online. The receptionist was helpful and moved us without argument. All the staff were polite and made an effort to be friendly, so no complaints at all on that score.The room was clean, fairly small and, as previously mentioned, a bit dated. It was also cold - the windows were drafty and the bathroom was freezing cold. Fortunately there was an efficient portable radiator in the cupboard to warm us up, and it even had a timer on it so we could set it to turn on overnight and warm the room through before we got up.We didn't try the breakfast (at 22 pounds, it seems unlikely to be value for money). Overall, I wouldn't stay here. It was OK, but not great value - not a four star hotel and not the best last minute deal out there.	
Nov 3 2009 	It's cheap.	Was 45 a night a few streets away from Paddington, which isn't bad for value. I would get the cheapest room possible and spend any time you aren't sleeping elsewhere.My room had a shower in it... and when I say it had a shower *in* the room. I mean that at the foot of my bed, was a fitted shower. I could hear water trickling through the walls all night from pipes above presumably, but it was louder than the rain outside.Although the room itself had bad furniture and fittings, it was actually well kept and was very clean.What made my jaw drop was the breakfast. The hotel reckons that for any non-guests, the &quot;continental&quot; breakfast is worth 5. However, it was literally a pile of toast and bitter coffee. The toast wasn't even supplied in a toast rack and was just a pile on a butter dish. This meant that the majority of the toast was soggy. Breakfast clearly hadn't been thought out well and considering I was forced to pay 5 in my room price for it, I felt completely ripped off.However, the hotel was clean and the staff were friendly and happy people... maybe because they had just charged me 5 for soggy toast.	
	Great value very convenient helpful staff hearty breakfast	We were there for 2 days and returned for another 7. Location couldn't be more convenient as it's a 5 minute walk to the Gloucester Street tube station with Picadilly, Circle, and District lines. Good, reasonable restaurants nearby and a grocery store at Gloucester and Cromwell. Staff was very nice and helpful. Breakfast is great. They call it continental, but it includes eggs, bacon or sausage, baked beans, toast, sweet rolls, cheese, meats, juice, etc. Only thing missing was fresh fruit. We stayed in two different rooms, both of which were quite nice. Really liked having the refrigerator. They have two non-smoking floors if you request ahead. Didn't try wifi but there are computers with internet access in the lobby, 1 GBP for 20 minutes. I guess we like crisp sheets and firm beds because we found everything very comfortable and clean.	
Nov 25 2009 	Good hotel for a few days spend in London	It is a nice hotel for an acceptable price... Clean, the room was big enough. As a minus, the toilet and the shower which are on the corridor...but everything is really clean. Overall it is a good value for money.	
Nov 17 2009 	Badly managed!	we've stayed at Albro last year and overall our experience was pretty good.This time we found this lady who didn't know how to manage a single thing that was happening there! Don't even wanna start with the chambers maid who was totally insane: she even opened our door several times without even knocking! not to mention she didn't speak a single word in english..It was pretty awkard and embarassing i have to say!! And it kinda ruined our journey there.The Hotel per se is in a very good location,and the neighborhood(Paddington) is one of the most vital of London in terms of pubblic services,restaurants and such.In the same street of Albro you can find TONS of Small Hotels like Albro,so do yourself a favour: try somewhere else!	
	What an excellent hotel !	We stayed at the Egerton for our anniversary.. and it couldn't have been more perfectThe hotel is excellent and the staff couldn't do more for us.All my expectations were well exceeded..	
Nov 22 2009 	Superb Place in London	Had stayed earlier in JUne 2009 for 5 nights. The two bedroom suites are class apart. Clean, Spacious and great Service. The place has a charm of its ownStayed again for 4 nights in October and just found the place, as usually efficient and nice. Great place to stay when in London, Highly recommended. Will stay here whenever I am in London. Cheers and keep it up.	
	Great location	Have just returned from three days at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury from Nov 27th. We could not fault the hotel. We had room 429 right opposite the lift and had no problems sleeping on any of our three nights there. location is great, Euston Station is only 10 mins walk away, so messing with taxi's when you arrive or leave. Lots of places to eat within walking distance, make sure you take a walk into the Bunswick shopping centre right by the hotel, really nice in there and lots of good places to eat. We ate at Giraffe and Strada which we could not fault. Would highly recommend using the Big Bus Company tours to get around, you pick up the bus on the main road buy the hotel, it drops you at Trafalgar Square where you can collect the other buses to different attractions, brilliant way to get around, 48 hr pass for the two of us cost 50 and we well had are moneys worth [one ten minute taxi ride back from the strand cost us 10 and that was around 10pm so when the traffic is busy I'm sure the price would be a lot higher. To sum up great location, great breakfast, nice staff, would highly recommend.	
Jun 20 2009 	Unique Experience	Stayed for 3 nights at Fleming's Mayfair, 13 Half Moon Street Apartments at the conclusion of our central europe vacation. London was our final destination before heading home. I had chosen an apartment stay in London because it's much better value than London's overpriced hotels. It also offered us access to our own washer-dryer inside the apartment. After 2 weeks of sightseeing in Europe we desperately needed to wash our clothes. Moreover I chose Fleming's 13 Half Moon Street Apartments because it has a superb Mayfair location. All -n-all, the apartment was nice and for 3 days it met our needs. It was moderately luxurious, it was affordable, it had a perfect little kitchen, a comfortable king bed and a fairly modern bath with tiny shower stall and 1/2 bath off the LR. For 2 people it's perfect.However, a couple of complaints need mentioning. When I first arrived, the first apartment we were taken to had a very small double bed. Better suited for 1 person. When I first made the reservation 6-months prior, I had requested an apartment with a king bed---alll documented and acknowledged. When I intitally complained, the hotel floor manager immediately switched us to the correct apartment, while telling us how fortunate this was that the 2nd apartment was still available. Hmmm. No biggie, but certainly a questionable beginning. Nonetheless we got the right apartment and that's what counts. The apartment's washer/dryer was something out of the 19th century. The washer is soooooo slow, while the dryer isn't really a dryer, it's a tumbler. It took all day and all night to wash and tumble and by morning the next day, my clothes were still wet. When I complained, the hotel staff again apologized and offered to dry my clothes at no extra charge. I was able to clean enought until I got home which was better than nothing. Once that situation was rectified, our overall stay at the apartment improved. Also, something else worth mentioning. I noticed whenever we turned on the faucets to wash our hands it would take twenty seconds or so before water would come out. (Perhaps we Americans are too spoiled). Anyway, according to the hotel staff, plumbing in London is in desperate need for a major makeover. Perhaps we Americans forget how old London really is. Oddly enough, we didn't have that problem anywhere else in Europe. Hmmm. Maybe that's what makes it charming.Lastly, we had two TV's, one in the LR and one in the bedroom. Both were small HD TV's. However, twice I had to have service on the bedroom TV because it continued to malfunction. Funny, but the hotel only offers just a few channels anyway, making it really not worth watching. (Sometimes after a long day of sightseeing, we like to come back in the late afternoon and watch CNN, catch up on what's going on at home). Good televisions in Europe's better hotels are also very available, but not at this hotel/ apartment for some odd reason. However, we didn't come to London to watch television. Still, it seems to me that would be something that should be a given.Would I stay at this apartment hotel again? Oh absolutely! I loved the accomodations especially the location. It was comfortable, quiet and charming.	
	Great Hotel. Lively 	This is a great hotel. Stay in room 609 which was very spacious. Friendly staff, large rooms and easy access to central london (about 25mins by tube). The rooms and the hotel itself could do with a facelift, but for comfort and quality I would stay here again. I got a good price online because I booked early. I have stayed in many London hotels with cramped rooms and rude staff but this is a very professional place	
Sep 10 2009 	Fantastic start to 'Baby Abode'	I do a lot of travelling with my work as a web designer, meeting clients, going to conferences etc, and finding somewhere that you can trust to deliver so you can forget about the aggravation of potential dissapoint is paramount to any successful trip, at least in my opinion.For the last 18 months I have been usng Abode Hotels ( http://www.abodehotels.co.uk ) as they have never failed to deliver, so when needed for a recent seminar in London i checked their website above as i always do (should probably save those numbers by now right!?) and discovered that they now in fact have a new 'range' of hotels, if you can call it that, i guess its just a re-brand of some description, and Sydeney House in Chelsea is the first in this line for them.I'm pleased to say that the hotel was beautiful, the staff very helpful and courteous (i hate bad manners above anything else) and in general i enjoyed my stay greatly.I think the point of the 'Baby Abode' is to provide hotels in less congested areas, the side roads that people dont generally bother, and personally, for me, it worked, and i would happily visit there again.I'm a Somerset man, so when i visit London i'm pleased that i now have a refuge from the chaos!But on a serious note, a very pleasant stay was had, and i recommend to those that can afford it, as, although not aimed at the lower-end market, they do deliveron value for that money.	
Nov 11 2009 	read reviews	irish visitors. booked suite for 4 . rooms totally unsuitable .absolutely no space. some rooms not in main hotel so no reception. shower / toilet tiny. staff friendly .we had their best room but when extra bed put in for 4th person no room to move. note no bar and only self service coffee machine in small reception area.	
Nov 16 2009 	A Nice place to Crash after a long day	Yes, you probably have read other reviews and the room size is small. The room I stayed in fits a double bed and a desk and tiny walkway between.However, the hotel is located right off Oxford Street. Minz walk to bond st. for shopping and night life. There a couple nice lounge/club near by. And about 10 mins walk to Hyde Park.The rooms are filled with everything, surprisingly the TV sets are B&amp;O. The bathroom is also small but adequate. Marble showers and sinks adds a nice touch.The staff is wonderful. I arrived at 8:00 am and they have a room ready for me.To sum up, it would be nice place if you are just looking for a NICEE place to sleep at night and wake up with free breakfast ready.	
Nov 16 2009 	poor hotel - avoid if you can	I have stayed in Days hotels in different locations, but this one is a big disappointment. Room very small - which is okay for one night - but with no television, not one that works anyway. When reported to reception that TV does not work, did send someone to look at it but who did not know how it functioned or how to fix it. And that was that. One good thing I can say is that it is clean - which is very important. But otherwise a substandard hotel.	
Nov 21 2009 	DIRTY.	I do not recommend anyone in their right mind stay at this hotel - period. Even though it is conveniently located by the tube and the park - 5-8 minute walk, the hotel is going through some major renovation in the hotels. They are not renovating the rooms. My friends and I stayed here for two nights, we wanted to cancel our reservation entirely but they wouldn't allow it. They would charge us for 1 night stay if you cancel the reservation. If you stay for that 1 night, they'll charge you two night - twisted sales positioning. We were so frustrated, we stayed the required 2 nights and canceled the third night and made a completely new reservation somewhere else. The hotel room was disgusting, we had a kitchen in our room. The room was dirty and looked like roaches probably infested this place. The hotel staff was not too welcoming either. They were willing to move us to a bigger room if we paid some ridiculous rate, so we asked to see it first. We were all very horrified at their upgraded room. It was no better than the room we had. Save yourself the money, time and worrying about whether or not this hotel room will turn out okay and book somewhere else. I wouldn't stay here again - so i wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless they clean up their act - staff &amp; room quality.	
Jul 22 2009 	Comfortable and friendly place close to everything.	While this hotel would not stand a &quot;white glove test&quot; it is a comfortable place to stay. It was just what I wanted, something with a &quot;lived in feel&quot; and a place with character. The family who run it are friendly and try to make sure you have everything you need. The rooms are small, but I expected that, and the beds are comfortable. Traveling with 3 adult sons, being able to use the kitchen was a plus, as we could make sandwiches in there and save a bit on food. Breakfast, while not fancy, was plentiful, and the older gentleman was always bringing around the coffee, tea, or fruit. It is a quick walk to the Gloucester station. Wi-fi is free, and accessable from the lobby, the dining room, or the 1st and 2nd floor landings.	
Nov 25 2009 	dont bother!	stayed here 20-23rd november, the first thing i noticed was a distinct smell of mould! as we entered the lift it was dirty and smelt, the room wasnt bad, clean enough but the bathroom looked very tatty, we found that the reception was left unstaffed quite a few times which meant we had to go searching for them to ring us a taxi, 15 minutes it took us the first day to get hold of someone.It is very remote and apart from the garage next door, there are restaurants and a cinema but you would have to walk up to the tube station under the bypass and back down to get to them, i dont recommend using the bypass if on your own as it,s quite scary. I have stayed in many travelodges and this by far is the worst i,ve ever stayed at, basically they should trash it, it gives travelodge a bad name!	
Nov 12 2009 	Exceptional Hotel	I have stayed at the Montagu Place twice now, the first visit was almost acidental after finding it on laterooms, the second was an intended return.Location-wise it is ideal for Baker Street, Marylebone, Hyde Park, Edgware Road, Oxford Street and Park Lane. It is a few yards from Glouchester Place which is a busy road but the building seems to be very well insulated for sound and there is no excessive noise pollution to disturb you.The rooms are well decorated and well appointed with a highstandard of comfort, both in terms of furnishing and fittings and also the little things that make a difference like complimentary water, ground coffee, decent biscuits and Molton Brown toiletries.The bathrooms seem to be quite small, the two rooms I have stayed in only had showers but this was more than satisfactory for my needs and the shower was excellent.There is a lounge and a small bar which are well decorated and comfortable. I have not eaten breakfast here and whilst I agree that 13 is expensive for breakfast it is no worse than other similar hotels in London.What really makes this hote stand out though is the exceptional service. After making my booking I was sent a lovely email which recognised that I was a returning guest which is a really nice touch. The staff are extremely friendly and welcoming including refusing to allow you to carry your bags up the stairs! This level of service is unusual in so many hotels in this country and is a major point of difference which is a credit to the staff and management.I would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel to anyone.	
Mar 16 2008 	Like a Scene from National Lampoon's European Vacation	This place is THE reality check for budget travelers in London. The Dollar to Pound exchange rate is abysmal, so if you are too proud to bunk down in a hostel, be prepared to budget more or you will end up in some place just like this.The room was cramped, like a closet with a bed shoved in, with worn carpeting and an unrelenting musty smell. The private bath is squeezed into what must have been the coat closet, so compact that while sitting on the toilet I could rest one elbow in the sink and the other against the shower wall. We slept fine the first night, being jetlagged from our first day after a transcontinental flight, but the second night was a doozy due to the constant noise from Victoria Station trains running right below our window. On the plus side, this place is an easy walk from Victoria Station....Do not confuse this hotel with the Alexander House Hotel in Sussex, a 4-star luxury hotel and spa. At the time of my review, the tripadvisor site links to THEIR photo page instead, which is infinitely more glamorous.	
Nov 16 2009 	Good service - poor rooms	It was not a good start when the room was not ready when we arrived. With Jumeirah hotels you are almost guaranteed good service and they did offer a drink whilst we waited. However the room was average size, small bathroom, slightly worn furnishings and worst of all smelled of smoke, in a smoke free building! Have stayed in better and spent less money at the same time.	
	love this place	Great hotel, staff lovely, great gym and food is cool. Not cheap.	
Jul 29 2009 	Clean safe basic accomodations	We stayed 4 nights in a triple room in June. The room was spacious and clean, but more like a dormitory room rather than a hotel room. It was hot during our visit and we had to open the windows at night. Luckily, we read reviews before our stay and we did bring ear plugs! Even so, we woke up several times from noise during the night. We loved the hotel's location, and we walked to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, the London Eye, Westminster Abbey from the hotel. This is no Westin Hotel and some people I know would not be happy with the crude dormitory furniture and the tiny shower that runs out of hot water after two minutes. But we didn't want to spend $400 per night for that kind of luxury and the Vandon House was acceptable at less than half that price. I would certainly stay there again if we returned to London.	
Nov 25 2009 	Loved it	I loved this hotel. We stayed in a corner delux room which was fab. There are great cocktails in the bar and the breakfast is very good (although a little expensive). I liked the free coffee from the machine in the corridor and the late night access to the vending machine selling wine and beer etc. We would normally stay at The Hoxton when we stay in London overnight, but this place is really so much nicer we will be staying here from now on. Finally the staff are absolutely brilliant.	
Nov 22 2009 	LOVELY STAFF AND ATMOSPHERE - BUT ROOM VERY DISAPPOINTING	Foyer and restaurant / bar beautifully designed in a minimalist style. I stay in hotels around the world a fair bit and this was really different in a great way! Staff were all charming, attentive and helpful and the breakfast was first rate. However, for all its minimalism and eye-catching design, the detail of the room (#109) was very disappointing. The view from the one tiny window was into a brick wall and another bedroom making the long bedroom very claustrophic. The lighting and plumbing were erratic and the air conditioning rattled all night. There were no coffee making facilities and the mini bar choice was very thin. The double bed was made of two singles bolted together with two single mattresses... and the jerry cans on the wardrobe.....?Each room is apparently quite different from the next. However, my associate had similar comments on the state of his room - which also needed a refit. The rooms aren't awful - they just aren't as good as they should be - and as the hotel thinks is acceptable at this price! It is trading on the minimalist design and ambience, but not offering the quality of roomit to which it aspires.Other London hotels will offer you better rooms for less.	
	Nice hotel in a quiet yet central area	At 199 including breakfast, a good rate for that area, for a large room. Great beds. Bathroom had only a shower, with not very good water pressure. Breakfast is nice, service is friendly. The area is quiet and residential, yet only a few minutes from South Kensington tube. The area has a bit of a village feel, with local shops on Chelsea Green.	
	Warning this hotel overbooks rooms	This hotel over books rooms and tries to relocate you to hotels several miles away, in my case 13 miles away in the middle of nowhere.	
Nov 9 2009 	A stay for breakfast haters	The double room was very small, although the bathroom was quite large. It was mentioned on their home page that there would be hair dryer in the rooms, but in ours it was omitted. When we asked the reception about this, they told us there were only five hair dryers in the hotel.Breakfast was not a happy moment for me since it lacked a lot of ingredients that constitutes a breakfast according to my opinion, such as cheese. The eggs were so over cooked that it did not taste like eggs, but something else. I guess this is the English way to prepare eggs for eating, but in those cases I have eaten eggs before in England, I have been lucky since it has tasted good.Even tough the staff did not say much, they were friendly.If you look away from these trifles, this place is a fairly good place to stay since it is located near the subway. It only takes a few stops to arrive at Oxford Circus.	
	Very nice would certainly revisit	I visited this hotel for 7 nights this November, and I was very pleased with the service that we received relative to the good price that we paid for our stay. The hotel is in a relatively central location, just minutes away from the tube. The room was basic but had whatever was necessary to make our stay a good one, cleaned and having fresh towels provided on a daily basis. Breakfast was a good one, with fresh fruit being really fresh, whilst the hotel environment and staff were extremely helpful. This hotel is ideal for anyone looking for a centrally located budget hotel in london for a very good price, and we'd recommend this hotel to anyone.	
	Avoid roomservice food	Decent rooms. However do avoid room service. It was sent cold with stale bread.	
Nov 25 2009 	Bad Service at Reciption	Very Small Reception area whith no enough chairs to rest, the room was not ready when we arrived so we had to go out for a snack,,, when they checked us in, we were suprised that their was someone else stuff in the room, they checked us in an accupied room !!! ...Location is the only advantage, its 2 minutes away from Hyde Park and 8 minutes away Harrods...	
Nov 15 2009 	Avoid	Classic Hotel............ Service was good. All staff polite and helpful. The room as the rest of the hotel was dated. The wallpaper was old and dirty. There were places were it was pealing off the walls. Our bedspread was old and stained. The TV was teeny tiny and the quality of the pictures was terrible. All but one channel (out of four) was blurry. The in built DVD player didn't work and almost trapped our DVD and held it hostage for quite a while. The floorboards are so creaky that if anyone walked in the room above us, it felt like they were right in the room with us. Poor sound insulation between rooms.Granted you don't pay much for having stayed in London...... but I have stayed in hotels in the same location and for cheaper and they all looked better than this place.The location is good, breakfast okay. On both days, the glasses were not clean and the continental breakfast was toast, cold beans and boiled eggs The breakfast was okay though.I would recommend you pay the extra 20 per night a better hotel where you can really relax and enjoy your stay in London	
Nov 19 2009 	Absolutely awful. Not a 3*	Stayed with a friend last weekend as close to Olympia. Had very low expectations as the hotel only cost us 55, so very cheap. However, you still expect to sleep safetly and securely. Reception staff were polite but even paying the 12 parking was an issue as they don't have change! My friend was firstly given a parking space big enough for a mini or motorbike, this was replaced by giving her a space with shattered glass all over the floor. We were given a room on the first floor. Double doors leading to the rooms were smashed, not a good first impression! Room was small but functionable. However, when closing the windows one handle fell off in my hand and the other swung round on itself. Maintenance staff did fix this but only after 2 requests. The mirror in the bathroom was cracked in 2 places and the bed was ok as long as you stayed on the left hand side as the right side touched the floor almost!!Did we bother with breakfast? No Fleet seemed a better and safer option!!!	
Oct 26 2009 	A very poor experience	My room was very very small and noisy from other guests. The shower was cold. The TV in the room could not be watched for lack of space There was no channel guide for the TV. I was at the hotel when the clocks were turned back from daylight saving time. The automated phone wake up system did not adjust and I was woken 1-hr early. Sunday breakfast not served until 8:00-am which is too late for many travelers.The only good thing was it's location - close to Paddington	
Oct 25 2009 	Great stay	My daughter ( 13 years) and I booked a room for 1 night at this hotel.There was a little mistake about the booking, On the reservation I booked the night 23 to 24 oktober,and the hotel had 24 to 25 oktober. No problem they gave us another room.The room was perfect and clean and the food they served was great.You could eat as much as you want and it was of good standard ( we only had the breakfast, one time continental and one time English).The bus no 26 and 48 stopt just in front of the hotel ,so the trip to and back to Liverpoolstreet station was within 10 minutes.Next time I will book again this hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Wonderful hotel-best ive ever stayed at	my husband and i stayed here for our 3 year anniversary and from the moment we walked in to this beautiful hotel, we were treated like royalty. Concierge and reception were incredibly helpful and showed us to our room. When we came back from lunch, we had a bottle of complimentary champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries waiting for us-heaven! The bed was the softest most comfortable bed Ive ever known. The spa and pool facilities were excellent-you are handed slippers and a robe beforehand. We were upgraded from a superior to a deluxe room with a view overlooking a park and Sloane Street-lovely. The bathroom is fabulous with L'Occitane toiletries and room service visit you twice a day to top up your toiletries and clean. Check in is at 2pm but we got there at 12:30 we were informed our room was ready and that we could go up (bonus!) the porters were very efficient and had our bags up there in less than 10 minutes.We had dinner at Rib Room where the food was amazing and the service laid back but very friendly, everyone from the Maitre d to the sommelier were smiling, happy and willing to have a laugh with you which was a nice change. Ivan our waiter was lovely and very knowledgeable about everything on the menu.I wouldnt hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, i am shocked with some of the reviews people have done on here, dont listen to them, this hotel is brilliant and the best service our of any london hotel we have stayed at!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic. Should be upgraded to 5 star status.	I booked the Executive suite for 2 nights as a surprise for my sister's birthday. We were upgraded to the Royal suite. The suite was huge with large windows overlooking Hyde Park and views of the city. That was an experience of a lifetime. The Room and views were fantastic. We had a lovely dinner at the Thai Restaurant. The staff and service were excellent. I will recommend the Lancaster London to my friends and will be booking another weekend package.Vendetta Lewis	
Nov 1 2009 	Perfect hotel and staff	We stayed here with our 5 year old. From the moment we arrived the staff were welcoming, friendly and very helpful. Yes we had to use the self service check in but the lovely lady on reception actually did most of it for us. The room was at the back of the hotel so quiet enough. The whole hotel was spotless. Bed comfy and air conditioning in the room very welcome.Plenty of choice at breakfast. The restaurant isn't huge but tables became free often enough that no one was waiting for more than 5 minutes for one.	
Nov 16 2009 	OK For One Night	I was looking for a low-price hotel in the Finsbury Park area, and this hotel was just about OK. Rooms were small but comfortable and could be better maintained. The window fitting was broken (as was the toilet roll holder) and the isolation switch was filthy.In order to receive my 'free' breakfast I had to walk across the car park to the other wing; not great on a cold, wet November day! I was sure what to expect. Hot buffet? Continental buffet? Unfortunately it was the latter (sort of!). Ham, cheese, bread, cereal, and that's about it (plus drinks). Don't forget, you get what you pay for.I believe there is no bar at this property (certainly not at the Pembury Wing) but there are some pubs near Finsbury Park station, less than 5 mins walk.	
Nov 19 2009 	would prefer to pay more	Small completely bare bones rooms. A swung cat would soon be brained. Have been pared down too far so even things like a shelf in the bathroom are missing and had to put toiletries on top of the radiator. Zero storage apart from a few hooks on the wall. Very little room to manoeuvre around the room if there are two of you. Can fit luggage at base of bed but then need to climb over each other to use the bathroom in the night. Has aircon but still hot so not a good night's sleep which was important before a long haul. Noisy fire doors can easily be heard. The one socket is inconveniently above the bed head. The lurid orange wall behind the bed is a very bad idea. Very handy for Paddington to Heathrow.	
	COLORBLIND	Prior to any of my trips whether for business or pleasure I go into Trip Advisor to view the latest reviews for the hotels that I will be staying at during the trip. I enjoy reading the reviews to see if others feel the same as I do about a certain hotel and I frequently find recommendations to restaurants located near these hotels.Recently when I looked at the reviews for the Darlington Hyde Park (DHP) in London before my recent trip I was shocked to read a very negative review from the partner of a person of color which advised people of color not to stay at the DHP.I am a person of color who discovered the DHP on the Trip Advisor web site and have stayed at the DHP on four or five occasions in the past two years as a direct response to finding it on this site even though my travel agent made other suggestions as they were not at the time familiar with the DHP.During my visits I have always been treated with the utmost respect and courtesy. At no time have I felt the slightest inkling of distain or perceived negative treatment towars me because of my race. In fact the entire staff from reception , dining, or housekeeping have been fantastic at the least. Besides the convenient location a five minute walk from Paddington Station and two tube stations, the cleanliness of the entire hotel, the bright and attractively decorated rooms, and the quality of the breakfasts the most outstanding attribute of the hotel is the staff and their caring and considerate manner.I have been most fortunate that my consulting business allows me the opportunity to travel around the world and to stay in hotels of every class. But when I travel to London either as a stopover point or specifically for a holiday visit the DHP is my hotel of choice.In the past I have recommended the DHP to colleagues and friends. Again after my visit last week I will most highly recommend the Darlington Hyde Park to anyone.	
	Good value great location	We spent 5 days here in Oct09 and could walk to many of Central London's major attractions - Westminster, Trafalgar sq; Tate, museums and art galleries. 10 mins walk to Victoria station and 5 mins from Pimlico underground. Rooms although small were very clean with frequent changes of towels, bed linen etc. Breakfasts were ample and dining room and reception staff were friendly and helpful. Room rates were very reasonable for this area.	
Oct 2 2009 	Exceeded my expectations	PROSCentral location in London (near Hyde Park). Friendly and helpful staff. Secure doors (chip card). LCD TV. Fridge. A/C. Safe. Tea/coffee making facilities. Telephone. Lovely, simple decoration. Comfortable bed. Clean towels, toilet and tap/sink (but the sink is too small). Perfectly clean bathroom with beautiful tiles (I think it was refurbished recently). Quiet room  good rest (I had asked for a quiet room when I booked the room after reading others' comments). Low price (45 per night for a single room) which includes a modest breakfast.CONSMy room was in the basement so there was no natural light, however, the artificial light was absolutely fine (I was in the city during daylight hours anyway so it didn't bother me). No alarm clock (but nowadays everbody has a mobile /cellular/ phone for this purpose). No hairdryer. No wireless internet access (I had my own mobile internet dongle with me but signal strength was too low in the basement, however, it's still strong enough for a mobile /cellular/ phone call). There is a door (locked, of course) between room No3 (it was mine) and room No2; fortunately for me, the other guest was also a quiet one. No shower curtain in the bathroom between the shower and the toilet. Not really a con: Modest breakfast (self-service in a small area where you can watch TV (BBC News) while eating; slices of white and brown bread (you can toast them), tea, coffee, butter, jam, slices of cheese, hard-boiled eggs, cornflakes (but no muesli), milk, orange juice).SUMMARYYou can hardly find a better place to stay in central London at this price. If I have to come back to London, I will definitely stay there. (Dissatisfied reviewers might have stayed at luxury hotels previously and that is why their expectations were not met.)	
Sep 7 2008 	What more can you ask for?	A great hotel that ticks all the boxes. It is comfortable, warm and the breakfasts are excellent. Close to the tube station, less than a 10 minute walk. Used this as a base to take in some of tourist attractions and catch up with friends, I still can't believe the excellent value for money and high level of cleanliness of the hotel. Service was of an oustanding quality. Will stay here again.	
May 18 2009 	Pleasant Surprise	A friend and I stayed at Star Hotel earlier this month while in Shepherd's Bush for a Placebo concert. First and lasting impression was a good one. We were only there for one night but would have been very comfortable staying longer. Everyone was very friendly and polite, breakfast was delicious and plentiful, rooms were average but adequate.We'd booked a double room by mistake (instead of a twin), and upon arrival asked if a twin was available - there wasn't, so we were upgraded to a triple at no extra cost. Location is fantastic - easy walking distance to both Hammersmith and Shepherd's Bush underground stations. Safe area. Highly recommended, especially for anyone looking for decent, economical accommodation close to the O2 Empire (approx 10 mins walk).	
	Great room clean good service good price 	We stayed here for one night as we were in town for Xmas shopping and a gig in Hammersmith. Read some reviews here before booking and booked online for one of the Apartment style rooms, plus Secure Parking.On arrival at the hotel the staff were polite and courteous and the hotel looked nice and clean. The secure parking involves driving to the rear of the hotel and driving your car into a lift (for real!!), the lift takes you down to the basement where there is a small underground car park.Our room was on the top floor (room 709) so we got a balcony (handy if you smoke or want a fantastic view of the East End), the room was spotless and had a full kitchen (hobs, microwave, fridge, sink, kettle, toaster, all cutlery/utensils and even had a dishwasher!!). The bed was a pull down and way more comfortable than expected and there was also a full sized desk with a broadband router (FREE) and phone, the rooms were nice and quiet too as the Barbican is largely residential in this area (Goswell Road). The separate bathroom was spotless and spacious and in the hallway a large wardrobe was available (including room safe).Can't fault the rooms at all.Breakfast is the usual continental style but there is plenty of choice, various types of coffee, tea, hot chocolate, 3 types of fruit juice, cereal, boiled eggs, toast, fresh fruit, yoghurt, biscuits, croissants, ham, cheese.Other reviews here contradict what we experienced but we thought it was very very good and have no complaints at all.	
Nov 20 2009 	Disapooined!	My partner and I visited the Westbury for a romantic couple of days. He had booked a show. We left our room to shop for a few hours on our return we rushed around getting ready for the night and both of us thought the other had moved a pair of his shoes WITHIN our suitcase. Also I couldn't see a scarf that I knew should have been in the bag.It wasn't until I got home that I realised the scarf had gone and a tube of cream; we then questioned one another and realised that someone had been through our suitcase. Security were informed but have never ever rung with a conclusion. It was odd that no one turned down our bed for the evening. My partner regularly stayed at this hotel for business and pleasure. He checked 8 clients and himself in for a business meeting in April. We will never return. In fact he is booked into another hotel in Mayfair next week. My parter used to stay here at least 8 times a year.	
Nov 7 2009 	disappointing	Have stayed in much better budget hotels. Changed my room twice in one night after strong smell of tobacco. Finally settled in the 3rd room. Windows did not close properly so was noisy and difficult to sleep. Room looked dark and miserable with towels large enough for a toddler. Toilet seat was broken but couldnt be bothered to have room changed or anymore hassle. No parking was problematic but understandable due to its location. Breakfast was not bad but was irritating to be asked every morning if I have signed the register whilst eating and having just signed it!	
Oct 19 2009 	one of the worst hotels in the world	First of all, what makes me really upset is that these few positive reviews are clearly made by hotel owner or staff - this hotel is nothing even close to what they say... I would not stay there even if somebody paid me - in fact i never even stayed there.. Just walking into the room was enough of an experience. But there is more to it!Our other hotel was overbooked and we were sent to The Continental. Upon arriving i paid for the room straight away - A big mistake - i always check the room beforehand... When we saw the room me and my partner returned immediately to reception. We told the receptionist that we are not happy with the room / hotel, we would rather stay somewhere else. The receptionist refused to refund the money we paid literally 5 minutes ago.... After about an hour of arguing, we left.... I even called the police, which said they could not do anything about it...i still have the receipt - does anyone know if there is some consumer rights organization that could help me??? I am so disappointed the Continental and its staff! Nobody nobody ever treated me like they did! it does not even deserve one star...	
	It's the staff that make it excellent	Just off Leicester square, but surprisingly quiet this is a functional Radisson, with well equipped rooms and feels very new. I was given a first class welcome at Reception and that level of service continued through my one night stay. At breakfast (which is costly but worth it) it was a real pleasure to be served by staff who seemed to be enoying their work, but were also professional. Simple things like saying &quot;May I take your plate away&quot; make a big difference. Definitely not a budget option, but worth it for the location.	
	Fantastic will definitely be back	28th-30th Nov 2009. I have never stayed in a Premier Inn before. I have always been in favour of spending money in pricey boutique hotels featured on Mr. and Mrs. Smith etc. However, from the moment we checked in we immediately noticed how modern and clean the hotel was. It was spotless and very spacious - everything you want from a hotel on a short break in the city. Unfortunately Sunday night I woke up feeling very unwell and continued to be very ill throughout the night and the next day with food poisoning (having eaten outside the hotel). Being in London and paying so little for a hotel I was apprehensive about phoning reception and asking for late check-out. To my surprise the receptionist was incredibly kind and understanding, allowing me to check out two and a half hours late and calling a doctor for me. He also brought me some toast to my room so that I wouldn't have to take my painkillers on an empty stomach! I was overwhelmed by how sweet they were to me and will not forget how much they helped me out that day. A great hotel that I cannot fault, even if I hadn't of been ill.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good enough for the price	This hotel is in a great location,just two minutes walk from Monument tube station. The rooms are a decent size,very clean with decent facilities. The hotel lobby is nice,with free tea and coffee,and all ovber the hotel there is free mineral water dispensers. A few niggles,no hot water on the first night and the walls are very thin,you can hear people in the next rooms chatting and also the very loud boilers kicking in every time someone uses the hot water (when it is working) Overall though,I would use this place again,very central and good quality for the price we paid (95 a night for a room)	
Nov 18 2009 	Didn't want my restaurant business !	Well, this was a first ! The ground floor bar and restaurant was advertising a few &quot;special&quot; amidst the range of bar meals, and the sign said that last orders for food was 10pm. I went in at 8-50pm to order a meal and the place was empty except for a party of around 18 guys in a corner who had just finished their main course. As I stood at the bar looking at the menu, a member of staff from reception tapped me on the shoulder and advised me to eat elsewhere, as there would be a wait of at least an hour before my meal would be ready.If the kitchen couldn't cope with one extra diner, one wonders how it copes on busy nights ? I left the hotel and ate (by chance) in a superb Thai restaurant a mile away in East Ham called &quot;Thai Thai&quot;.Apart from that, the room is a &quot;box&quot; overlooking the pitch and they stick a very narrow single bed in when there is no football on. Wi-fi is another rip-off, charging 10 a night.Horrible pillows and poor bedding.Good points were free parking, a lift to the third floor, and I suppose the 75 room only charge was reasonable. Due to them not wanting my evening meal business, I decided not to offer them my breakfast business. No I won't be revisiting.	
	Ideal for London visit on a budget	Stayed for two nights in late November. Arrived early, room was available so able to check in ahead of advertised time. Room slightly on the small side but perfectly adequate.Breakfast choice limited but what can you reasonably expect for the price.Located close to Bayswater Tube Station. Found location to be a good base for our visit to London. Plenty of resturants and a Tesco Metro nearby.	
Nov 16 2009 	Small Noisy Average Price but Convenient	The room reminds me of a hotel in Hong Kong because it was really tiny. Check in was fine at 43 hotel next door. Staff was not giving everyone the cold shoulder, as if they do not care whether you do business with them or not. Not that we paid a lot, but $150 a night is still not super cheap. Bathroom looks modern, but plumbing sucks. Everynight we would have to turn on the water, wait for 5 minutes before any water would come out and for it to warm up. As for the bed, it's a really really cheap bed and very uncomfortable. First two nights, I couldn't fall asleep because of that. Also another weird thing is that the hotel room does not even have a phone. Which hotel in the 21st century does not have a telephone??? The walls are super thing too. There was a young Italian backpacker next door and I was able to hear every word they said.That said, a couple pros. The linens and towels were clean. They also have free wifi. It is also convenient as it'll take 2 blocks to walk to the subway (Queensway station). On the same street as the subway station, there are tons of restaurants that open late (indian, malaysian, thai, chinese, pub, fast food).	
Nov 13 2009 	Don't believe the photographs	The whole place needs a re-vamp.Furniture,carpets,bedding, the decor in general looks tired and has seen better days. Skirting boards &amp; corridor walls are scuffed. The photos on their website must have been taken years ago. I have stayed in 3 ,4 &amp; 5 star hotels across Europe and I have no idea how this hotel justifies a 3 star rating.Having booked a double room we were assigned a ground floor &quot;double&quot; room on arrival and were shocked with what we received. We later requested a change of room. I pointed out that in my opinion the room was a single with a double bed put in. The free standing wardrobe consisted of 2 units pushed together. The bed was so close that the wardrobe doors could not open fully. When the wardrobe door was open the door of the safe inside also swung open ie the floor was slanted. Floorboards creaked as we walked around the room. There was only a 1 foot gap at the other side of the bed.We were advised that they were fully booked but to contact reception the following day &amp; they would organise a change of room.During the night we were awoken by floorboards creaking on the corridor outside our room when other guests passed by.To their credit the reception staff changed rooms for us the following day with the minimum of fuss but one had the temerity to suggest that our previous room was a &quot;very fine room&quot;. A sad refelection I fear of his exprience in quality hotels &amp; customer care.	
Oct 25 2009 	Not What It Used to Be	My husband had stayed at Blakes many times over 30 years and in the last 10 years I accompanied him and loved it. So we booked again and oh my things had changed. The first room they gave us - a so-called &quot;deluxe double&quot; was terrible. Far too cramped and dark for two people and NOTHING like the charming rooms we always had. We upgraded and the room we got was just plain ODD but bigger so we kept it. We were dismayed at how frayed the hotel is looking - maintenance is not being done, floor coverings are frayed, plumbing is antiquated and not maintained and it's sad. Unless Blakes makes changes, sadly we will not be booking there again. It could be that its time has past and no one cares anymore.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great location and very good value for money	The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance to the theatres and with bus stops outside. The staff are very friendly and are most helpful on the front desk with directions. The hotel is a bit dated but is kept clean. We had a room at the back of the hotel over looking the garden, it was quiet and again very clean, the room was reasonably sized for two, with a wardrobe each and a full sized bath. Would recommend asking for a garden room as there is a road at the front of the hotel which is busy. The breakfast was buffet style and was kept well stocked and fresh, was lovely. We would definitely go again a most enjoyable two days.	
Sep 26 2009 	Exfellent quality - surprisingly so	I'd pretty much ignored the ads, and pretty much decided that price must indicate quality. A visit however coincided with an offer, so we thought &quot;why not?&quot; The location was relatively close to various public transport options, as well as having parking. We arrived and were dealt with by a friendly and very helpful receptionist. The room we got was very clean, very new and very comfortable, with en suite. There was a snack machine at reception for nibbles after we got back in that night, and we decided to take the breakfast on site the next morning. The food was good (and as much as we wanted), and the preparation and serving staff were very good humoured and helpful to a fault. We'de go back to this chain, as it has proven to be much better than others such as the Hilton chain. We stayed at a Malmaison later in our visit (more than twice as expensive), and still the Premier Inn comes out top.	
Aug 12 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	We booed this hotel as we were going to a wedding near by &amp; this hotel was the cheapest &amp; nearest. When we 1st saw the hotel I was a bit worried, from the road it looks very shabby but once you turn into the car park it is a lot better, the whole exterior could do with a good spruce up though. No one was on reception but we easily found someone in the bar to check us in. The rooms were surprisingly big, a bit dated but clean &amp; the bed was very comfy. I rang during the day to ask what time the restaurant was open as we wanted to eat that evening before going out &amp; I was told 7pm for the restaurant &amp; 6.30 for bar food but when we asked for a menu we were told that they weren't serving food as they had a private function on, this was a bit annoying as I had rang to check 1st &amp; there is not much else nearby to eat. We returned back after the wedding at about 12.30am &amp; didn't think we'd be able to get a drink, however the private party was in full swing &amp; as we were guests we were able to drink too which for us was very good! They had a late bar &amp; in the end think we got to bed at 3am! This was good for us but if you had wanted to go to bed I would of imagined it would of been very noisy, however, this was probably a one off so don't let that put you off. We didn't make breakfast due to the late night so can't comment on that. Again at check out we couldn't find anyone but eventually someone turned up. None of the problems bothered us &amp; we had a great stay &amp; if it was updated a bit I think it would be even better.	
Oct 31 2009 	Not as bad as it seems	Advantages: great location, we chose it on purpose as we were going to watch a Chelsea match and it's a 10-min walk from Stamford Bridge through the Old Brompton Cemetery. Very close to the Old Brompton Tube station and bus-stop. A lot of pubs nearby. Friendly guys at reception. Disadvantages - tiny rooms, meagre breakfastHowever you don't expect much from a 2-star hotel, especially at such low prices, do you? Anyway if you go to your room just to sleep, and you spend most of the day out, it's OK. Next time I go to London I'll probably stay there again.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Location!	We stayed at the Westland for a week celebrating my daughter's high school graduation. The location is great, very close to two tube stations, with a bus stop in front of the building, so getting around is so easy. Lots of things in walking distance. We loved: the Swan Pub; Cafe Diana; Pret A Manger. Hyde Park is across the street: great for strolling, picnics, Kensington. Walk to Portobello Road market on the weekend. It is fabulous! People, food, antiques, new and used clothing, so vibrant and alive. The hotel staff are very nice and accommodating. We had two rooms in the back, next to each other, and shared a balcony. Very quiet. Loved the church bells tolling. Our only complaint was with the car the hotel called to take us to the airport: we were assured that the fee was 50 and not to tip the driver. Upon reaching the airport, the driver asked for 53. I notified the hotel that the service may have changed their rates, or that the driver had changed the rate in order to get a tip. They responded promptly that they would check into the matter. I don't have a problem giving tips, but if I am told not to tip, I won't. All in all, a great stay at the Westland. It is on a busy street, so don't get a room in the front if you want quiet.	
Nov 22 2009 	No qality measure has been ignored in the search for generating a profit the result is a terrible customer experience.	Read the other reviews - they say it all. There are rooms spread up and down the street and the buildings are building sites with materials strewn on the stairways. The tiled entrance to the hotel showed it had once been an hotel of some quality. One step on to the dirty stair carpet showed that all further vestiges of this ditinguished past have been eradicated. The rooms are tiny, the sheets were too small for the bed, the food and drink offered for breakfast were very poor in quality and range, and they and the room beverages appeared to come from one of the cheapest sources in the UK. The prices show that huge profits are being made, none of which seems to be reinvested in customer experience.	
	Nice hotel friendly staff	We stayed at this hotel over the weekend for one night and the Docklands is like a ghost town over the weekend, unless there is an event going on at excel. We used this hotel as we were going to see Disney on Ice at the O2. Be careful to check the tubes and DLR at the weekend though, as it is a bit out of the way. We got the DLR from Tower Hill, straight to Royal Victoria. Nice hotel, very modern and new feeling. Swimming pool was very nice and had a relaxing feeling. We didn't eat in the hotel, we went to an Italian restaurant near to excel, five minutes around the corner. There is also a shop along the road that sells water, drinks snacks etc. The staff seemed very nice and friendly on reception. Our room was very large and had one large king size bed and a large sofa bed for my 3 year old. It looks like the rooms have been refurbished recently. All in all we had a nice stay, but I must admit we didn't pay much for the room, so we really couldn't complain, at 60 a night!	
	Nice hotel - great value	After checking the reviews to try to find something not too expensive in this area, I decided to book the City Hotel. I was not disappointed. Entering our twin-bedded room on the 4th floor I thought I was going to pass out with the heat, but I was able to turn the very efficient radiators down to a comfortable level even though the control knob was very stiff. It was surprisingly spacious, clean and with a nice view of the City lights. The beds were a little small and on the hard side, and I would have preferred duvees rather than sheets and blankets, but still comfortable enough, and reasonably quiet. The bathroom was small, but a surprisingly enjoyable shower for a small non-power-shower rose, so no complaints. I didn't have breakfast, which would have cost an additional 10. Very good value for a City hotel!	
Nov 23 2009 	Good value but nothing special	Spend one night during March. Room was on the first floor, but still quite nice and quiet during the night (Thu-Fri). A bit old fashioned interior and furniture. I wish they would get rid of the old linen and buy new decent ones. Same goes for pillow and blankets which are really inchy...Other wise the complete experience was rather good.	
Oct 11 2009 	Awful! : long review but please read!	i booked this hotel through hostelbookers.com and booked a twin private room as i didn't like the thought of communal facilities like you'd usually find in a hostel, plus i was with my sister. managed to find it ok, very steep steps upto tiny reception desk. the guy asked for my booking slip as i had also paid a deposit, and seemed a little confused. turns out he only had a double free so we had no choice but to accept it. also there was no private bathroom like we'd booked (and he'd just lied about us having when i asked!), we had to use the one downstairs. we had room 12 which was about 4 flights of stairs up from reception so very hard on the legs!the room was tiny, no room to swing a cat; there was about a foot between the tiny double bed and the wall! it was so dirty and dingey. i am no snob and always stay in basic accomodation but this was truly dreadful. the plug socket was thick with dirt, tonnes of cigarette butts outside the window, mould everywhere. there was also a mouse trap!! the bathroom was terrible too, hair in the bath, black mould in all the crevices, and you dont want to know what we were met with in the toilet. the shower does have hot water, but the shower head is so low, i was nearly crippled from bending backwards.one towel and a bar of soap provided, as well as tea and coffee facilities which we daren't touch.as if it wasn't bad enough sleeping in a double bed with my sister, the mattress and pillows had seen better days. the mattress was rock hard and the pillows...well, it felt as though there wasn't a pillow at all, they were paper thin. had the worst night's sleep ever, especially as the windows rattled whenever a train went by.breakfast was left on the floor outside our door as we said we wanted to sleep in. now this wasn't too bad. it was continental style; croissant, bread roll, yogurt, juice. basic but it filled a gap.great location, yes, but that's about it. they also let you leave your luggage to collect later, although by this, they mean they allow you to leave it on the landing. considering there is not always someone on recption, i wouldn't advise this!	
Nov 18 2009 	Close your eyes its exactly where you want to be!!!	Arrived on Friday the 13th should have known it wouldn't be a good thing!!! When we arrived the girl on duty was a bit dozy and not very welcoming took her about 20 minutes to find our booking even after writhing our name down and giving her the booking reference. One of our two rooms was ready (we were early) we decided to dump our cases there so she led us to the stairs .. no lift 5 girls 7 cases ... a new carpet was being laid so we had to lug our stuff around two workmen, a loose unsecured carpet and visible nails!!! When we got back that evening the men appeared to be gone but the carpet was not complete, two portions of the stairs where not completed during our stay, one directly outside our door where nails where clearly visible and highly dangerous!!! Our second room was ready at this stage but it required us to take our cases down one flight of stairs and up another at the other side of the hotel ... all the way to the attic!!!! Literally!!! The bathroom in our double room served its purpose but overall the room could benefit from a lick of paint and modernized bed coverings.Cleaners came on Saturday morning but we were only up she gave us plenty of fresh towels and toilet rool.	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent room and friendly staff	Room was perfect, hotel staff were great. Room was good size, with kitchenette and washer/dryer. Bathroom was very good, stone floors and walls and glass shower. Staff kept the room very clean for us too. Hotel is situated in a great area near Parliament (across the river), with great access to underground etc.. Staff recommended Cafe Madeira for breakfast - excellent choice, very friendly with great food (reasonable too) and traditional English breakfast. Hotel concierge was a great help, with theater tix and day trips. Highly recommend this Hotel, my wife searched for several weeks before choosing, and I'm very happy with the choice.	
Aug 5 2006 	Awful!	This is easily the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, and I am completely astounded that it has a 3 star rating.Yes, Kenton House is cheaper than a lot of other London hotels, and this was part of the reason I booked it. However it should be cheaper because of it's location. I needed a hotel in West London, but if you are a tourist who will be spending most of your time in the city, the return journey on public transport could use up a few hours of your day. Also, you will end up paying more for travelcards than you would if you only travelled within zones 1 or 2.Location aside, it was the service that was the worst thing about this hotel. When we arrived I asked for an upstairs room as London was going through a heatwave and I wanted to be able to safely leave my windows open all day and night (they don't have fans or air-con). The receptionist was not happy about this and told me had already designated us a downstairs room. When I insisted he change it he did so very begrudgingly and for some reason very slowly. Once we reached our room, we immediately regretted our decision to move. The room was tiny with no room for our luggage, there were no toilettries (not even soap) and the windowless bathroom wasn't much bigger than a cupboard. The television didn't work properly because someone had replaced the ariel cord with a teaspoon and the shower was unusable. Despite London being in the middle of a water crisis, the shower could not be turned off and had been left running for who knows how long. Then when we tried to control the temperature it got stuck on scalding hot and could not be returned to cold.Less than half an hour after check-in, I went back to reception to request a room change. The first question I was asked was had we actually used the room. When I told him we had attempted to have a shower and used a towel, he said that he had just given away his last room and there was nothing he could do about our problem until the next day. There was no appology or offer to fix the television or shower and not surprisingly we saw people still checking-in later that day.Because the shower was stuck on hot our small room was rapidly being turned into a sauna and my husbands temperature became worryingly hot over night. The next morning I went down about 9 and demanded to be moved immediately. The new receptionist's response was that he's just the night manager, he can't help me, and I would have to wait till someone else came in. When the receptionist from the previous day finally arrived he did his best to avoid me before finally saying I should go out for the day and they would move us in the afternoon. I refused saying that I needed a shower and wanted a room immediately. However, it wasn't until about an hour later when I started talking (quite loudly) to other customers about our experience, that he finally found an empty room. Not surprisingly, in the almost 2 hours I sat in reception I overheard a number of other complaints including 1 woman who said her television volume had been stuck on loud.The new room we were given was much better and almost twice the size. It had a working television, toilettries and even a bath.The furnishings were tired and there were a few cigarette burns in the bedding, but on the whole it was clean and completely adequate. However we were only given one towel on each day and had to ask for a second one. Breakfast was very basic and despite advertising fruit and a selection of cereals, they only had cornflakes and toast included within the room price.We checked out with a different receptionist who saw we had pre-paid our stay and responded with a &quot;Yep&quot;. No &quot;Goodbye&quot; or &quot;Thank you for staying&quot;, she just uttered that one syllable - &quot;Yep&quot;.Needless to say, we will never return to this hotel. Should you, for some reason, decide that you definately want to stay here, make sure you don't prepay the whole stay in advance so it easier to walk away with your money.	
Nov 16 2009 	Needs Upgrading	One positive is the good location - very easy to get to Paddington Station. My room was on the 3rd floor..no elevator and no assistance with luggage. Very narrow stairway. the carpet in the bedroom needed to be cleaned, the wallpaper was peeling off the wall and there was black mould in the shower. I will not stay here again.	
Nov 9 2009 	great experience	we have just spent one night at this beautiful hotel, the staff were very friendly and helpful and even upgraded our room. the restaurant in the evening looked really pretty, good food .....and breakfast was gorgeous. quiet at night ( well it was a sunday ) our room had everything you could possibly need , with a huge very comfy bed! the lounge on the first floor was really cosy and full of quirky furniture ....couldnt fault it , well apart from the price but it was worth it for a treat.	
Nov 24 2009 	SQUEAKING HOTEL	Lets start with the pros: average price, good location opposite Kensington park, clean-semi-spacious rooms, which were also cleaned everyday.Time for the cons: EVERYTHING and I mean EVERYTHING in this hotel, from the floors, the beds, the corridors were squeaking in a tremendous way, so much that it was almost impossible not to wake up when someone was passing the corridor....of course that happened especially outside our room, 208, but in general all the hotel was squeaking!!Also, no hot water late at night, twice tried for a hot bath around 2 or 3at night, and got frozen.....If u can handle with the squeaking noise coming from everywhere, in and out the room, then u can go.....but if u want to sleep until late in the morning because the previous nights u were out, just forget it!!!!!	
	Very Clean room helpful staff -shame about the breakfast	Paid 69 pounds for single room with ensuite which is good value for central London. Very near museums. Everything very clean and plenty tea and coffee in room..Stayed 2 nights and bed linen was changed on second day. very quiet position and no traffic noise.Staff very friendly.Very disappointed with breakfast : website makes big feature of &quot;Organic breakfast&quot;- home baked muffins and home made granola....all that was on offer was cereal and toast and weak tasteless coffee.Either the hotel is under new management or else owners are having to make economies in which case they should remove misleading description of breakfast on the website.	
Oct 11 2009 	Good clean value for money.	My husband and I stayed for 1 night after a trip to the theatre and the location was brilliant to walk back from the show in Victoria. The room was a 'standard double' and was just that-It was very light, airy, clean and tidy. The bathroom was compact but the shower was nice and hot and we had clean towels (that were even changed halfway through the day!) The bed was on the squishy side but comfy enough. My only real complaint would be the creaky floor boards so the people in the room above sounded like they were doing River Dance everytime they moved!! This was annoying but didnt last long once everybody was in bed. The breakfast was lovely, a fresh, well cooked breakfast with endless toast! The staff were all very friendly and smiley (even if not always dressed very professionally!!) I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for basic, clean accomodation and not expecting 4* for their 92!!	
Apr 11 2008 	Complete disappointment	Blooms is both a waste of time and moneyWe stayed at Blooms because we booked the Grange White Hall Hotel and without any explanation they moved us next door to Blooms, which is even a worse place than Grange. When we asked why they could not accommodate us in Grange, they invented poor reasons.Anyway, we stayed at both, the Grange White Hall Hotel and Blooms. We would not stay in either again, even for free. They are both a complete disappointment.The beds are very old and extremely unconfortable. The rooms are ugly and the floor makes a terrible noise with every your step or worse with every step of the person occupying the room above you. You can clearly hear everything: banging doors, people talking or making love in the next room. There is no double glazing. The windows are old and do not shut properly, and if windy, it makes some additional noise...The TV is the smallest possible (12 Inches?) and has only 3 or 4 channels tuned (not even properly tuned).There were dead insects in the room that had not been cleaned, actually I don't think the rooms get much of a cleaning anyway.No more business with them and we do not recommend to anybody! Four stars? Never!	
Aug 16 2007 	Nice stay	Small rooms with en suite bath, clean, helpful management, close to bus and tube, restaurant, free British breakfast, in interesting neighborhood. If you don't need upscale, this is a find!	
	a fine establishment for the fashionably drunk	Our stay was spent in a compact cosy room, slightly warmer than desired but providing an excellent base temperature for spending the evening sweating out. More desirable than the average den, a television was provided but not tested as our entertainment was provided - a rich real-time audio/visual experience of atmosphere beyond the window, a fine example of some of King Cross' finest architecture and social investment programmes. The bathroom provided an array of clean surfaces (without being annoyingly greased like you find in so many public houses), and with tiling throughout and a drain in the corner, allowing us to fully relax through into the night - one oversight by the designers is perhaps the lack of barrier preventing fluids escaping into the bedroom.All in all a pleasant night, the polite and motivated staff having no quibble with us engaging with the local red light culture and activities.	
	perfect hotel for easy reach of tubes!	helpful service from all staff, clean hotel and restaurant, breakfast was great with lots to choose from e.g. frest fruit salad, cereals, toast and croissants. Rooms are a good size with a nice shower room and easy to use heating, linen was changed every day and rooms were spotless.we found warren street tube was the best to commute to and from city centre, and to get to the main attractions, and the hotel offers lots of leaflets and a computer to see what's happening in London.	
Nov 24 2009 	Perfect location	We stayed 2 nights for a long week-end. It's the perfect location, a lot of touristical sites are at walking distance. The rest is 5 to 10 min bus or taxi away. The staff is really nice and helpful. We changed room as we were in a twin bedroom the first night. The first room was a bit small and the toilet flush was temperamental.. But the second was great . Both were comfortable but a bit noisy though (you're in a very busy part of London). I cannot comment on the amenities as we did not use them.	
	3 stars - but a good value for the money	I traveled solo and booked the cheapest room in the house, so i didn't expect much. This is London and like the trends in other expensive cities, the rooms are going to be small. I got a very small room with a single bed, but I was impressed with the layout of the room. Very well laid out for such a small place, but the bed mattress could be updated. That is the least they can do - a little soft. The room faced the street but I barely heard anything and slept til 10 (it is Sunday by the way). I also showed up at 1:30 AM after having called to confirm my room was available and I had no problems. And i've got free internet access and it worked right away. It's no frills, but they had a free water bottle. If you're tall or large, this won't be comfortable, but if you're looking for value and like me don't want to waste you money on a hotel, this is not a bad alternative. Hyde Park is right down the street too.	
Aug 1 2006 	Great Budget Hotel	Firstly as the last review states the hotel is now called Royal Hyde Park Hotel after a complete refurbishment.Rooms are small but very bright, modern and most importantly clean! Check out the new pictures of the hotel on the internet, rooms are exactly as you see them (nothing like the old review pictures on here). All rooms have a/c aswell which was v much appreciated given the scorching summer we've had this year! The only problem some might have is that the hotel is above an italian restaurant and if you open the window the cooking smells waft in, just made us more hungry though!Breakfast is not bad considering it's included in the low price of your room. Choice of 2 juices, tea/coffee, one croissant and slice of toast pp (with jam and cheese) and cornflakes but no other option.Bayswater isn't as central as i normally like to be but there's an abundance of shops and restaurants in the vicinity and both Bayswater and Queensway tube are in easy walking distance.	
Nov 13 2009 	HORRIBLE IT IS LIKE A ROOM FROM 1970'S	Location is excellent but that is all you can have. Rooms need definitely refurbishment, probably they were need 3 years ago, too. The textiles are dirty and blanket was in the cupboard on the ground (cupboard was a ceramic something) into dust within a dirty bag. I never recomend, run a way. There have been very nice hotels with reasonable prices around. Even I made reservation for 4 nights, I paid one night punishment and left the hotel after I saw the room. Stay somewhere else.	
Nov 19 2009 	Hotel Cavendish on Bloomsbury is an IN-DECENT one	1. They charged me twice on my credit card before I even checked-in2. The room is small and the bedsheet is dirty3. When I notified them of my checking-out the hotel a few days earlier than my original reservation 24 hours in advance, they charged me an extra night for that even if they told me earlier that no extra charge if it is notified 24 hours in advance4. During my check-in, I saw a lady with 2 children were complaining about extra charge as well.	
	Incredibly noisy room	Unbeatable location which is both the best and worst asset of this hotel.Just across the road from Victoria Station, it is situated strategically, especially if you arrived in London from Gatwick. The drawback is... the room (4th fl) was facing Victoria Station and it was INCREDIBLY noisy at nights. I cannot believe that, when designed, nobody realized that being so close to Victoria the rooms should have been, at least to some extent, soundproof. I stayed for 2 nigths. First one barely slept. I got up from bed several times to double check that the windows were closed as I just could not believe so much noise could come into the room. Second night I slept much better... because I had previously bought earplugs.By the way, the internet connection was free, but very slow.	
Mar 14 2008	Old fashioned and tacky	Would stay well clear of London outpost!!!If you like pubs and old fashioned decor then this is for you. The library is a small wallpapered area outside your bedroom door and relaxation is with a 14&quot; tv and a mini bar stocked with 3 pieces of fruit and empty glass bottles.	
Nov 20 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Me and my boyfriend recently stayed in Cricklewood Lodge for few nights, this hotel is good and the receptionist and an elderly man were so helpful, they give us all the information and direction that we need (like bus and tube) after fill in the form the receptionist show me where my room is and told me about the key for the room, for the front door in case we come back late at night (as the door is locked for security reason), and where's the breakfast room too. We had booked a double ensuite room from their website, and we were very pleased with it, its just exactly same as the photo shown on the web. i think they had been renovated as the carpet were new and clean, and the bed was so confortable, we really had a nice sleep over there. In the morning, we had a lovely english breakfast, the staff were friendly and helpful and the dining room was so beautiful and modern. I think i will visit this hotel again on my next trip, and i would recommend this hotel to friends, this area is very convenience and the transport links are very good too.	
Aug 16 2009 	Perfect hotel if you are in London to sightsee and eat!	We stayed here for 12 days in early August and I must agree with the review that suggests the stairs are a pain! But, besides that it was a great hotel. It is located down a quieter street, but sometimes people do come by and cars drive by. It happens, it is in London!Positives: A fantastic receptionist. She was so helpful and so friendly. She even let us use her computer to print out a voucher for a tour we were doing.Great location only 5min from Bayswater Tube station and 10min from Queensway Tube station as well. So many different restaurants in the area - Greek, Italian, Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Lebanonese, Persian, Indian, American, Brazilian, etc plus a Starbucks, McDonalds, Burger King, and Cinnabon.... It was all so good! Safe neighborhood with a mall and Marks &amp; Spencers close by.We had a private bathroom, but I know not all rooms (possibly the singles) have a toilet.Included breakfast next door was great and worth getting up for it. I had an English Breakfast one morning and it was fabulous. In a package deal with flight, we only paid about 40 BPS per night for the hotel. Great value in London!Negatives:Stairs - but know this ahead of time because there is no elevator (lift).No A/C - but we did have a fan. It was warm, but overall Europe does not have the need for A/C that we do in the USA.Overall: I would stay here again. It was warm after taking a shower and the stairs were a pain, but it was a good workout and the location is well worth it. Dropping your key off next door is not a problem and contrary to what someone else said on here, it is easy and not a pain. Many hotels in Europe make you do this. Next time though, I am packing light!	
Apr 15 2009 	Never Again	Room dingy, stain on bed sheet. The springs had gone on both twin beds and should have been replaced a least a year ago. Breakfast of poor quality, I also got into an argument with the carvery staff over the pathetic beef and turkey leftovers which they refused to replace. I've stayed in a few innkeepers over the last few years and have liked and recommended them. However the Borehamwood one we stayed in last year was poor and this was even worse. So my business will be going to the professionals next time rather than the ametuerish operation which Innkeepers seem to have become.	
Oct 27 2009 	Ok for budget hotel.	Me and my mum booked three night and after reading the reviews we were very close to booking a different hotel, however we wasnt willing to pay over 600 for three nights so we decided to stick with it.On arrival we were quite surprised, staff were ok and reception not too bad. Walking upto out room we noticed the further we went up, the worse things looked, paper off the walls, walls scratched... getting into our room it was extremely small, hardly any room to move around. the forst thing we did was check the bed (from everybodied reveiws on bed bugs) which were extremely clean, and the shower, again, very clean. there was only one towel so we sked reception for more and we got them. The shower was lovely and hot and rooms were cleaned everyday. Poeple complain about the noise, but what do you expect in the centre of london??For us, the location was fantastic and we use a hotel room to sleep and shower. We would only use this hotel as a last resort, as the rooms are small and could do with one heck on a make over....but we survived, slept well, showered and explored london!By the way, there is a beautiful Tapas restaurnt round the corner which i recomend.	
Jul 16 2009 	Stay Away From This Hotel	My husband and I stayed for 4 nights at this hotel on a business trip. It was a disaster. Actually we had booked for hotel number 4 or 5, do not remember now, but they made us stay in this one. The room was very small, dirty and old. The breakfast room had only 2-3 tables for 2. On the last day we had to eat in our own room because there was a huge queue for tables. We could have only bread and tea from their breakfast, added our own cheese and had our breakfast. We were afraid to use any kitchen supply in the room because they were very very dirty. The only reason that we did not walk out of this hotel and looked for another one is that the money was charged at once as we entered the hotel without a glance at the room. Certainly I would never stay in this hotel again.	
Oct 29 2009 	Overpriced small prefabricated cell	I appreciate that the development is still at final fit out stage. The entrance down a long white corridor of plain white walls is not welcoming. The reception staff was friendly and helpful but there seemed a lack of professionalism in his search for a room key (credit card type). I proceeded to the room down a corridor lit by motion sensitive lights that didn't quite keep up with my leisurely pace. The key would not open the door despite trying the tip which the receptionist had told me - back to reception who relieved me of the credit card type key and gave me a good old fashioned metal key - back to the room only to find that while I could now open the door I could not put the lights on because you need the credit card key for that. So the round trip to reception again. The room is obviously pre fabricated and dropped into place during construction - it is small and furnished in modern style. The bedroom area was little bigger than then bed, the bathroom big enough for its purpose, just, and the lounge kitchen would charitably be referred to as cosy. I was glad I was alone in the apartment which was described as &quot;Executive One Bed Apartment&quot;. To be fair what is there is reasonably comfortable overall and was clean. There did not appear to be any way to put the lights off except by removing the credit card key from the switch which caused a blue light to flash all night. In the morning while very stylish, I defy anyone to have a wet shave in the handbasin - a triumph of style over functionality. Normally I would expect to get dressed in the bedroom but it is so small I had to do so in the lounge.	
Oct 13 2009 	Top class B	On booking the millers residence i was hoping to get one of the four poster bed rooms but the blake room was the only one left vacant, having thought about it i decided that the ambience of the place seems to be the main reason why people go to millers, so i booked it. On arrival we were greeted by a girl who i'm sure was just wearing joggers and a t-shirt, very very informal but friendly all the same. Although i'm sure my fiance thought i'd taken him to some kind of hostel when he saw her it all faded into insignificance when we saw the lounge area. It really is very picturesque and looks beautiful lit up by candles in the evening, the lovely thing is that you can help yourself to drinks, so i had a couple of lovely g&amp;t's sat watching the world go by and playing cards. One thing i did read on the website was that they serve pre-dinner cocktails in the evening - but i didn't see any evidence of it, although i would have welcomed it. The bedroom was small but extremely romantic, if you don't like average hotels where you wake up and could be anywhere you might like this. Miller's is definitely a place to relax in and it takes you to a different world, looking around at all of the antiques really can send your thoughts onto numerous different pathways which i think is quite magical. Unfortunately we didn't make it up for breakfast as we had a very late night out, so i can't tell you about that. My most negative comment about Millers would be that i don't like the murals on the doors, the blake room has a tiger and the poem is on the back of the door. I like the poem, i think framed in a nice antique frame it would be nice, but i think the murals look a bit 'fairground ride'.To sum it up, its quite expensive for what you get with the room but you have to take into consideration that you are also getting a beautiful lounge area and ambience second to none with a help yourself bar...when i think of it like that its an absolute bargain!!	
Nov 18 2009 	Our Daughter's Wedding Perfect	Alberto D'Afflitto has a staff to be proud of, Enrique &amp; Hasifa especially stood out. Everything was beautifully arranged from start to finish. Miranda and Paul could not of had a better day. Thank you Maureen &amp; Michael Murphy Parents of the Bride .	
Oct 5 2009 	Poor quality bad service. Will not return	My husband and I were very excited to stay at this hotel. We stayed in the &quot;Japanese room&quot; which was described as &quot;one of the larger rooms in the hotel, which has been recently added&quot;. Modern and minimalistic were also used by hotel staff to described it. The room is in the basement, next door to the hotel kitchen. To get to the room, one must walk down the stairs, go past the door-less kitchen and you then arrive at the front door of your room. There was a constant smell of food in the corridor. The room was not large, it was average sized so if this is the largest room in the hotel, I hate to think what a small room is like. If you are used to luxury hotels, this hotel is not for you. We arrived at the hotel in a taxi. There was no one to help us with our bags outside or inside the hotel (we had 3 suitcases and a set of golf clubs). I asked if someone could help us and the women behind the desk looked at me like I was crazy. The staff were not terribly helpful. We went to use the computer in the lobby area because no one could provide us with the password for the wi-fi. The hotel porter/bell person was surfing the Internet ! There are much better places to stay in London. The location is good but value for money and service are terrible. Needless to say, we will not be returning.	
Oct 27 2009	Could be so much better	I booked 2 apartments for 10 nights &amp; specifically told the staff when making the reservation that I was travelling with a disabled person &amp; therefore required rooms next to each other (or at least nearby) When we checked in you can imagine my surprise when 1 room was on floor 1 &amp; the other on floor 14! We were unable to be moved, nevertheless we coped! The bathroom was a problem as there is a shower in the bath - for a modern building, we expected walk-in showers (my fault for not checking this out) so the disabled person I travelled with had no chance to shower. He had to use the sink in the bathroom which we found on arrival to be totally blocked - 4 days later they sorted it out! The 2 rooms were very different, both nice but both nice and dirty! They have made such an effort with top of the range appliances (all AEG) but the house keeping before we checked in was just not acceptable (filthy sinks, cutlery, hairs &amp; fluff all over the floor &amp; in the sinks &amp; the carpets had not even been hoovered - fortunately they supply you with a hoover so I cleaned both apartments. The front desk staff really didn't want to be there. They are not very friendly. However, for us the location was ideal for what we needed (Guys Hospital a 5 minute walk). A Tesco Express right underneath the apartments &amp; a few restaurants by London Bridge (also 5 mins away). Marlin's website shows very swanky rooms - they are, but if they had been clean they would have been so much better!!! I would still recommend these apartments as other reviews have been glowing - so we may have just been a little unlucky.	
Aug 27 2009 	Well-located home away from home apts  but might be noisy for some!	We recently stayed at the Mansions in a two bedroom/one bathroom flat for eight nights during summer 2009. The apartments seemed just what we were after and, though we have a few quibbles, our view is that the apartments are a well-located cosy option for those wanting more space than available with a hotel room and who like to have kitchen facilities available. Location is one of the Mansions big selling points, and it doesnt disappoint. You are only a short walk away from: the Earls Court tube station (District/Piccadilly); several bus stops; ATMS (Barclays, Nat Westnext to bus stop, opposite side of road from tube); grocery stores (Somerfields, Sainsbury Local, MS Simply Food), takeaways, several pubs, a Boots, Post Office, and several not too expensive restaurant options (Wagamamas, Masala Zone). Tube travel time into the West End is about fifteen minutes. Arrival at the Mansions: Those staying longer than 5 nights are likely to have free door to door transfer (chauffeured car) from Heathrow included in their stay. A welcome service for those arriving off long-haul flights. The driver will not be able to park directly outside the door but we managed to park just around the corner on Bramham Gardens where its a very short walk to the Mansions. If you dont have too many bags or children/elderly folk to worry about, take the tube to Earls Court from Heathrow (if coming from Victoria, take the District Line west). Out on Earls Court Road turn left and walk along Earls Court Road approx 150 metres. Cross Earls Court Road just before Earls Court Square, opposite the entrance to Bramham Gardens; The Mansions are the large red-brick Dutch Gabled buildings just in front on the corner with Earls Court Road.Check-in: Efficient  handing out keys, taking credit card imprint (although we had prepaid, this was for anticipating phone call charges) handing out a local map on where to find the large Sainsburys and Tescos on the Cromwell Road all took no more than a few minutes. As our arrival was outside standard office hours we called the day before to confirm we were expected (we were) but wed recommend doing this just to ensure no problems on arrival. The apartment: Our comments reflect the experience of staying in Apt 12. This was a two bedroom, one bathroom apartment. Access was via the lift  which goes only to the 5th floor - and then a flight of stairs (receptionist took us up there and helped with taking bags up the flight of fairly narrow stairs). Those with small children or mobility issues should ask Mansions staff or their travel agent when booking for a flat with lift access; top floor apartments accessed by stairs would pose difficulties.  The apartment was located on Earls Court Road/Branham Gardens corner and overall it was spacious, comfy and casual though showing some signs of wear: full-sized kitchen; living/dining room with plenty of seating; two bedrooms and bathroom with shower over bath. Small quantities of coffee, tea, sugar, salt and pepper sachets are supplied. Having a washer/dryer was fantastic (there is an instruction booklet; though unfamiliar with this combo appliance, we found it easy to use. We couldnt find a corresponding booklet for the oven, though we managed to work it).We loved the immediate home away from home feel  even down to the books left by former guests in the bookshelf and the unfashionable but friendly dcor/furnishings (vases!). The bathroom was in need of a bit of refurbishment but still, given the volume of guests they get here, it was acceptable. But there were a few disappointments and things to note that may apply to, or concern, your stay: 1) The second bedroom was disappointingly small and not the best for an adult. This single/double combination of rooms would have been fine for a couple with a child. Make sure you book what best suits your needs as there are also double/double and double/twin beds two bedroom apts. 2) The top floor gets very hot in the summer (yes, London can get very hot at times; it doesnt always rain!). Despite providing electric fans (theres no aircon) it was hard to keep the place cool even with drawing the blinds during the day as we were advised to do. Several hot-water boilers in the kitchen and bathroom add to the warmth (though this would be a bonus in winter! And it helps dry clothes quickly limiting the need to use the dryer). 3) The apartments are not double-glazedand Earls Court Road is busy. If noise is a factor, you may want to request an apt that doesnt overlook Earls Court Rd or consider a quieter location. There is also some intra-apartment noise too  which just goes with the nature of a Mansion block building. 4) On the top floor we had difficulty with accessing the free wifi on offer. We could only sustain a connection by using our laptop whilst perched on the loo in the bathroom! Not the best. Perhaps the Mansions could consider installing a wifi connection booster for the top floor apts?? And finally, on check out: If, like us, you find the tube isnt running to Heathrow due for engineering works, do not panic! Just take the District Line from Earls Court to Paddington for the Heathrow Express or Heathrow Connect as these trains accept Zones 1-6 inclusive tube tickets when the Heathrow Piccadilly line isnt in service.	
Nov 25 2009 	Nice Experience	Clean, relatively spacious double room with a new looking decors. Quiet neighborhood. North acton tube station is about 400 m away. Staff are friendly and helpful. I got a really nice price $99 per night excluding breakfast. Using the near tube station on the central line, one can reach central London within 25 minutes.The hotel is relatively far from city center. However, using the underground it's not that far. Hotels within city center would be expensive with small and sometimes old and dirty rooms.There are nothing to see around the area. Tessco shop on the way to tube station is handy.If you got same price for this hotel, don't hesitate to take it. If you get an expensive quotation, check other hotels near city center that are in the same price range.	
	Quiet and perfectly located	We just spent a week at the Commodore Hotel and highly recommend this hotel to others. I have stayed in various hotels all over London and believe this hotel is the best value for your money. The rooms are small and sparcely decorated but are clean and cozy. We had a lovely room on the top floor and enjoyed the peace and quiet. The breakfast was very good as was the service. The location is fantastic and between the Lancaster Gate and Bayswater tube stations. Hyde Park is a stone throw's away. The rooms are inexpensive and if you are like my husband and I, you only need a room within which to sleep. This is the perfect spot.	
	5 star staff	After travelling for 13 hours from a trip abroad i decided to stay in London for the night. I looked online for a hotel near Angel station and this one was the nicest one i could see in my price range. I arrived at the hotel at 10:15 am with the intention of just dropping off my case as i was well before check in time. After mentioning to the staff that i have just been on an 13 hour flight they found me a room and let me check in so i could get some rest and freshen up. I felt they went that bit extra which made my day. The room was lovely, very spacious and clean. It had everything i need and was very comfortable at a very reasonable price.	
	Charming old-fashioned hotel...	I stayed here with my mate and really liked this hotel. It had an old-fashioned charm. Our room was spacious and we liked the hotel restaurant so much that we invited friends from Black Heath to dinner there. The location is great. Black Heath is right next to Greenwich where the observatory and other sites are. I liked most the sweeping view of the park-like area called the heath I think. We plan to return to this hotel on our next trip to London in summer, 2010.	
Nov 21 2009 	Little gem hidden in the center of london	From the outside it looks like a residential home.Inside you get the same feeling, being a personal family guest in a cosy home.How often does one visit a hotel where your name is handwritten on your door, the rooms have names instead of numbers, you find a personal hand written welcome note on your bed and is there a teddybear to keep you company far away from home.A little gem in the heart of london, with very friendly service. Like a warm blanket.Bjorn BA, NL	
	Another resounding thumbs up for The Halkin...	I just knew that The Halkin was going to deliver the goods when the concierge came running out of the entrance with a huge brolly to shield us from a soggy winter's night as soon as I pulled up. In a whisker our luggage was unloaded, the car taken care of, we were escorted to our room, shown around and brought a wonderful glass of complimentary bubbly. If only all hotels could be like this......There's no hustle, there's no bustle. This hotel is like a little capsule shielding you from the rat race outside. Once inside the Halkin, the thick carpets and Zen-like design seem to soak up noise, commotion and even stress. Everything just works and the staff glide around with effortless efficiency. The room was nigh on perfect; huge bed with Egyptian cotton sheets, turndown service, lights adjustable in every way imaginable, remote control unit for all the room functions next to the bed, marble bathrooms and a power shower that could knock over an elephant - sheer bliss. Breakfast is more of the same - no fuss, no buffets, no big queues, no scanning huge lists for your name, just a discreet enquiry about your room number and then you'll be addressed by name from then on as the staff go about the ballet that is your breakfast served on the finest of china with a choice of about 35 different teas. I kid you not. The other bonus is that although you're a stone's throw from Buckingham Palace and a brisk 5 minute walk to Harrods, the hotel is on is actually a rather sleepy one-way street and as such feels so much more relaxing to arrive to than the rugby scrum that awaits you inside and outside the lobby of most London hotels. The downside? It ain't cheap. But you certainly get what you pay for here.	
	No Wildlife Spotted but Stay Away!	Sure wish I had found these reviews before booking. We just got back yesterday after spending six nights at this motel. We felt like ditching it as soon as we got there but just managed to spend alot of time away from it. We had a 4th floor (no elevator) triple room with three beds squeezed in, one picture on the wall. One bare lightbulb fixture lit the whole room, no glasses, no shampoo, no chest of drawers, you can't dial out on the phone and there was no phone book (or even bible) shower stall only with water that barely had enough force to rinse hair. Breakfast consisted of cold cereal, toast/jam/butter, hard boiled eggs, cheese, beverages. Be sure not to wear your pajama bottoms down to the breakfast lounge. Lobby consisted of one small sofa about 20' from the reception desk and you must bring your own computer down there to access internet. At least location was okay in terms of catching bus/tube, restaurants nearby, walk to Kensington/Hyde Park and even Piccadilly Square. Surely you can find something better........ there were lots of motels on the same block and one over (hostel is right next door) around this same area whose lobbies looked much better. Wasn't even that inexpensive.	
	Great hotel!	The hotel manager was very helpful and friendly. The room was very clean and very well equipped. It was quiet but with 100 yards of great restaurants and bars. There are also lots of local shops. Perfect location for travel in and around London. EXPEDIA hadn't booked us in - even though we had had a confirmation! The Manager sorted all of this out for us - completely hassle free. I would suggest booking direct - with as much notice as possible as this is a busy cool hotel.	
Aug 1 2009 	Way over priced for what it was!!!!!	Me and my friend stayed at the bridge park hotel at the beginning of july when we went to see Take That at Wembley...would not recommend it!!!!! When we arrived at the hotel the receptionist was very polite and nice and showed us to our room. As soon as we stepped into the room it smelt awful! The only way to describe it was something simular to mothballs - not nice at all! My friend said she could really smell it so thought we'd get used to it. Then my friend went to take a shower...but no hot water! Went back out to reception and receptionist told me just to keep running the tap for 5-10mins and it should come though...of course it didn't, so inthe end the maintence guy fixed it and all ok. Next morning however when we opened the curtains the curtain pole fell on our heads!!!!!! We placed it back coz we didn't wanna get charged for it! The good things about hotel was the breakfast - can't be faulted at all and the location to wembley. However, the price of 75 was TOO much! If if only cost us 30 a night I wouldn't have minded, but i thought i was WAY overpriced.	
	Consistently welcoming Hotel unfailingly courteous staff	We have stayed at this Hotel several times now, it used to be called The Royal Lancaster, and every time without fail we have been made to feel most welcome. Not the carefully rehearsed corporate greeting chanted out to each and every client but a genuine personal and professional interest in each Guest right from the time of arrival through to eventual departure.If you are lucky enough to get a room overlooking Hyde Park the view across London is spectacular, especially at night.The location is not a central one but there is a tube station within yards/metres of the hotel entrance. It is also nice to be able to walk through the Park to Oxford St and Knightsbridge for the shops, or even to the Royal Albert Hall. There is also a livery stable yard close by for those who wish to ride in the Park.I would choose it just for the Nipa Restaurant alone!	
	TOO EXPENSIVE FOR THE OLD TIRED ROOMS 5* NO WAY	Extremely expensive considering the state it is in. The public areas were beautiful, however the rooms are terrible. I had stayed two nights previously at Harrington Hall (4*) which was far better and half the price. The rooms are in need of total renovation. There were no tea and coffee making facilities. The bathroom was very poor with no shower gel and the shower was just an attachement from the taps and therefore could not stand under it. The corridors were extremely noisy as well. Great location.	
May 17 2009 	Cool stop at a cool spot	My second stay at this &quot;boutique&quot; hotel and staying a couple of days gave more time to explore .Realised what a great location this is.Morning stroll around Notting Hill and on to Portobello road in the sunshine is a great way to spend a few hours.A real cafe culture exists and I found it totally relaxing to be staying away from the usual hustle and bustle.Very much a convert to this area for future staysThe staff are extremely helpful and nothing seems to be too much trouble....when we took a late breakfast on Saturday morning and found no plain croissants our waitress simply nipped out to the nearby bakery and bought some more!!The rooms I would describe as New York Hip....a little on the small side but with everything you need and extremely stylish.Our friends stayed in one of the larger(slightly more expensive) terraced rooms which was also very stylish.	
Nov 13 2009 	Bed bugs	On arrival we thought it looked slightly worn, but clean and the banisters were newly painted, so refurbishment was obvioulsy in progress. However, in the first five minutes we discovered one bedbug crawling around the shower, and empty molts on the pillows. We left precisely one minute later.	
Nov 2 2009	just what we wanted and where we wanted	Somewhere clean, quiet and convenient for Covent Garden. The Fielding is all these and we felt, it to be good value for money[ though travellers need to be aware that V.A.T. is extra]. However in 48 hours we managed a ballet , the Moctezuma exhibition at the British Museum, a good browse in Foyles with coffee to sustain us, the east wing of the National gallery, a meal and concert rehearsal in St Martin-in-the-Fields, Lenny Henry's Othello, the british Library and a matinee at the National Theatre.Apart from the latter all were within walking distance of the Fielding Hotel and the lamplit court was nice to come back to. One of the party ,being vegetarian, we enjoyed breakfast at Le Pain Quotidien for its coffee[in bowls] pastries and fresh fruit. Other reviews have rightly commented on the small sized rooms, narrow stairs and creaky floorboards but it is an old building . There are plenty of modern tower block hotels to choose from but the Fielding is unique. We'll certainly use it again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Best stay	Hi, i would like to shere my journey with u,,, I stayed here for 12 days,, it was a pleasent stay,,,i enjoyed a lot with my friends,,, and the hotel is very nice,,with huge lobby and well groomed front office staff.The rooms are neatly cleaned and tidy,, the management is very helpful and i thinks that was my best stay in london.	
Nov 14 2009 	Cheap Accommodation close to Kings Cross	I selected this because it is walking distance from Kings Cross Railway and Tube Station. At night time you can hop onto the tube and Leicester Square is only 4 stops away.Hotel is budget accommodation with small rooms, but i did find it clean. I paid 50 for a twin room with breakfast. Good value.Breakfast is basic continental, but fills a hole.I think if i was coming again i would look elsewhere, but would not be too disappointed if i ended up back here.	
	Very good value and service for a London hotel	Novotel London West is the prefect location for travelling in and around London, the hotel has very good links to Heathrow. Access by car is ideal with the M4 being close by and a large car park on site, which is excellent value for a car park in London.The room are very spacious and have a lovely modern dcor that adds to the cosmopolitan feel of the hotel. Surprisingly for a city location close to main roads I had a very peaceful night sleep, could not hear any hustle or bustle which is rare to find in a London. The new restaurants and bar areas are ideal for both business traveller and leisure travellers a big improvement to the hotel. I have stayed a number of times at the Novotel London West and I must say the service has also been wonderful and would recommend the hotel.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great Service in Notting Hill	While the appearance of the hotel may not match the expectations I had from the brochure, the service is what sets this hotel apart. I was traveling with my nearly 2-year-old daughter, and I needed a lot of assistance. Mansur was my &quot;husband away from home,&quot; carrying things upstairs, getting me what I needed, and always helping us up the front stairs with the stroller. I later stayed at the Hilton, which physically was clean, spacious, etc., however the Hilton hotel has no soul, which the Lennox has plenty! The breakfast was amazing - three kinds of fresh berries, yogurt, croissants (can you tell I'm hungry?), breads, cereals, cheese and prosciutto. The hotel does show some signs of wear, but I have to say that staying in this hotel was a wonderful experience.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good value for money clean 	Our room was on the 3rd floor. Very large room but had tiny bathroom. Room was clean, comfortable spacious and we had a fan, flatscreen tv and hairdryer. Hairdryer was too small and on a short cord.(minor annoyance) Location of hotel was brill as we wanted to be near Wembley and this was only 5 mins away. Breakfast was continental which was ok but would of preferred an option of cooked as well.The only improvement this hotel could make to encourage me to stay again would be to take more notice of the customer and give some good customer service. (All staff my friend and i encountered were more interested in talking to each other.) Oh yeah and give us a larger bathroom!	
Jul 6 2009 	musty humid and no bbc1!	Ok, soooo I stayed here 1 night. 1 night was enough. At 70 during the wimbledon championships I thought it was fairly pricey. I was right, no air con.....that room had some serious heat building up in it, no toileteries, serious plug socket shortage, nearest one to the bed was across the room next to the tv.I was hoping to watch some tennis on the night after the live stuff i was viewing during the day, problem no digital tv, no available red button, no bloody bbc 1. Are you kidding me man. Sort it out travel lodge. Room reaches incredible heat during the day suggest not leaving laptop or anything chocolatey in thereBus stop no#93 is right outside the carpark. A little dark and dingy all in all. Internet at cost in rooms.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good Bargain	This place is huge! In London, where it's difficult to find cheap(er) accommodations, the youth hostel was a good bargain. Back in 2006, for 2 people, 2 nights, double bed with a private bath was about $175. For London, that is a great price.It also has a lot of great hang out places within the hostel including a bar, gift shop etc. The location was great to central London!!	
Nov 10 2009 	The "Broadband" is Un-usable	Well, I'm into my fifth week of a six week stay and all I can say is that I will NEVER stay here again nor can I recommend this place to any of my business colleagues. The main reason is that the broadband service is simply un-usable. I've complained multiple times and am given the sorry excuse that the hotel doesn't operate the service. When I tell them that's no excuse and that they advertise the service (thus representing responsibility) they say they'll call the provider. They even said they would have the provider call me. Well, of course that never happened. We're talking speeds mostly below dial-up on a good day. And, mind you, it's not free! They have the nerve to charge for a service that doesn't work. And, Ive just found out the manager has just been sacked. No wonder. This situation is simply not acceptable for a business traveler. On my next extended London stay, it's the across the wharf at Discovery Dock for me.	
Nov 23 2009 	The most awful hotel I have ever stayed in!	I have never stayed in such an awful hotel. The staff were rude, and showed no concern for any of the issues we encountered. We booked a Superior Double room - the best available. What a joke! The room itself can't have been any larger than a double bed! We had to access our room through a smaller than average sized door, which could not fully open as the bed in the room restricted it, which - once me managed to struggle in - was a surprise due to the fact the bed was only an oversized single! We had the pleasure of sharing our room with what I can only assume was the buildings boiler. But best of all, was the noise that came in from the thin paned window - trains! These were running constantly throughout the night, ensuring that we had as little sleep as possible. At times when we left our room, we could not get back in upon our return as our room key kept being dissabled. The bar was extremely insufficient. When we required a drink, they had no change, no coffee, and minimal staff. Overall this is a very badly run, badly kept hotel!	
Nov 2 2009 	A Wembley Must	We booked the hotel in January 2009 ready for our trip to Wembley to watch the American Football in October.We chose the hotel after looking at various other ones in London and Wembley Area, because of the reasonable rates, facilities, nearby amenities and access to the Underground line for Wembley.On arrival we checked in with a very friendly receptionist who advised although we were early there were 2 rooms available for us. The rooms were of an average size with large windows so very light. We found that there was no Satellite TV as advertised only channels 1-5. The rooms were also very warm. One of our rooms was on the ground floor and from general chatting we think that one was slightly cooler.We checked in and walked to Kenton tube station as we were going to London for the afternoon. (approx 30mins away on tube) The next morning we walked into Harrow centre (approx 10-15 mons walk) got breakfast and had a look around the shops. We then got the tube from northwick Park to Wembley (approx 10mins).All in all, if I was going to Wembley again, I would stay at this hotel again as the location and general facilities are perfect for a 1 or 2 night break.	
Nov 19 2009 	What a lifesaver! Excellent service in a CLEAN hotel! Can't say enough good things about HIE Southwark!	This hotel is a hidden gem of London. It is a fantastic value. For little more than the dump hostel we were supposed to stay in, we moved to the HIE Southwark and could not have been happier. The location is not bad.. 5 minute walk to the tube and/or short cab ride to most places. The staff at the HIE was EXCEPTIONAL. I cannot even begin to describe the measures they took to make our stay better. The room was very nice; recently renovated. The bed was comfortable, the bathrooms were nice and the room, most importantly, was immaculately CLEAN! Just a great, great value. I will stay here again next time I am in London. It was a trip-saver!	
Nov 10 2009 	Numerous stairs awful even after being guaranteed a lower floor room	We enjoyed Kevin and his interesting take on the local scene. He was a gracious host.The breakfast selection was fine and the food was nicely presented.We had requested a room on the lower floors because my wife had just gone through a complete knee replacement. Unfortunately that did not work out. And on our return trip late in our trip we were relegated to an even higher floor after making a request for the lowest floor. We did have very noisy neighbors on our first visit and had to beat on the wall at 3 am for them to get quiet.	
Nov 9 2009 	Second worst place I've ever stayed	This &quot;hotel&quot; being rated at 3 stars is a joke. The place is awful. We stayed 2 nights here last month and had a terrible stay. Starting from the booking being incorrect (we were given a double room rather than a twin, there was no offer to make amends, the manager blamed us! He then proceeded to insist on charging us 10 more than the agreed price. The room was up about 7/8 flights of stairs, there is no lift. (3 stars?) The shower in the room did not work on complaining I was first told that it was because the water pressure was poor on Sundays??! (3 stars?) and then I was asked for another 7 which apparently we were undercharged! I asked to move rooms and was offered a single room with no bathroom for an extra 60! (3 stars?) At no point did the staff make any effort to improve our stay and repeatedly walked into the rooms during the day. The towels in the room were like something out of a prison movie. (3 stars?)I would advise anyone to stay as far away from this place as possible.	
	By far surpasses ANY hotel that I've ever stayed at!	I had the great fortune of staying at the Intercontinental Park Lane Hotel, London, over the last 2 days. I was there for a Medical Conference, and my stay at the hotel (as well as the cost of the conference) were paid for by Abbott Pharmaceuticals (as a 'Thank You' to me for helping to produce a drug protocol). The Conference was being held at ExCel; this is 10 stops on DLR and another 5 on underground - so I left the Conference grumbling at the distance that I had to travel to get to the hotel! Well .... I would have travelled twice the distance for this hotel! I arrived at Reception at about 7pm, there was no horrible queue for check-in, and I was met by a smiling face from the lady who booked me in. She made absolutely no reference to the fact that I was being given a luxury suite - just simply gave me my room (suite) key, informed me that it was on the 1st floor and then asked if I required anyone to carry my bags. I declined the offer of a carrier (my bags aren't posh, so I didn't want to be embarrassed!) and took myself up in the lift. I have to say, I did wonder why the door said 'Spa Intercontinental' when I got there, but was so exhausted that I just threw my body through the door. As I opened the door I expected to see exactly what one finds in every other hotel - a bed close to the door, a tray near the door with a kettle, and a trouser press etc. But ..oh no. What actually greeted me as I opened the door was opulence!! Shining black tile floors, gleaming wooden doors. I put the light on, still not sure what I was looking at, saw that there was a door in front of me, assumed that the door to the left was the bedspace - but, again ... no ! It was a stunning walk-in wardrobe, with bar-area prior! There was a loo as large as a standard downstairs toilet-area at the 1st closed door. And then .... I opened the heavy double-doors that were facing me, to find the most ENORMOUS bedroom, beautiful bed, curved sofa at one end, chaisse-longue at the other. Glass finishings everywhere, and, just when I thought I'd seen it all, another door to a HUGE bathroom with illuminated Spa, wet room with rainforest shower and another loo! The view from both windows were of ParkLane Picadilly and Hyde Park (where they had a splendid German Xmas Market!) One of my main reasons for writing this review is that I have stayed in lots of places in my lifetime; I've been to stunning 5-star hotels in SWitzerland when skiing, and all across Europe, the Americas and the wider world. All hotels have professed to probably what they aspire to, but none have quite delivered, in my opinion, what they profess. The Intercontinental seems to play the descriptions down! I know that I wasn't expecting an opulent stay (was only on a 3-day conference for work after all!) so my expectation was fairly low; however, since I've returned home I cannot find a description of the Spa suite on any website! The room, incidentally, is No 106. I really was so very lucky to have it, as I believe that the Pharm Co had over-subscribed, therefore this was an upgrade. However, it seemed to me that the wonderful staff took enormous pride in ensuring that I had a stay which matched my luxury stay thereafter! There wasn't a grumpy face amongst them! The lovely ladies who offered 'turn down', the very cheerful Kimberley who sorted out my extra night - (!) Yes, I stayed on and the hotel staff saw to it that I remained where I was ! I was HUGELY impressed with the night security man, John. I had an unfortunate temporary 'loss' of my handbag in the bar one evening and he was there like a shot, despite there having been no incidents at the hotel before. He scrutinised the CCTV and found my bag for me; all the while remembering to be the perfect gentlemen (he DID tell me that he is ex-military; - however I think his impeccable manners are a credit to his personality, rather than to his military background, as well as to the hotel) Oh, by the way, the bag was only mislaid - by me of course!Finally, on Wed 25th Nov, and after my beautifully relaxing illuminated Jacuzzi in my bathroom, it came to my ever-so-reluctant check out , and I could not believe that the lovely lady behind the desk (wish I'd got her name - I think she is French) not only offered to help me carry my bags outside, but also insisted on leaving her post to come outside and walk me to the end of the road where she could show me the Tube Station! Never before have I had such care and attention and yet, as I say, have stayed in high quality hotels all my life, generally for skiing and leisure.I am highly impressed by this wonderful place and would give my eye-tooth to return one day. However, sadly, don't think I'd ever be able to stay in the Spa Suite, room 106 again! So all I have are my memories!Thank you Intercontinental Park Lane for your unmatchable hospitality. I would love it if you could put some pictures of 106 on your site, as it , and your great staff, really does you proud!Kind regardsLouanne McCabeWinchesterHampshireUK	
Aug 23 2009 	Perfect	My birthday treat was to be a Gilbert &amp; Sullivan evening at Grims Dyke. My wife thought it might be a bit expensive to stay the night but enquired anyway and was told that, as an August Special, we could have any room or suite for 65 a night including bed and breakfast. She booked The Gilbert Suite and it was just wonderfull - huge bedroom overlooking the gardens with four poster bed, beautiful high ceiling and all the little extras that you usually pay a high premium for. Lovely bathroom with huge cast iron bath and a feeling of opulence.The hotel is the former home of W S Gilbert but is not typically Victorian - all angles and quirks. Lovely grounds with lots of surprises - would not have expected redwood trees.Gorgeous rose garden too.Ok, we got it cheap, we had front row seats for the performance and the best table for breakfat. But we had a brilliant time enhanced by friendly staff amd lovely weather so absolutely faultless.	
Oct 14 2009 	Excellent value for money	Found this hotel to be clean, good size room, helpful staff, fantastic location.Good continental breakfast.Would stay there again.	
	Avoid Avoid Avoid	Stayed at this travelodge for 1 night 27/11. Tried to chek in at 1pm to be told check in is 3pm and there is nowhere to store your baggage unless you pay 10 early check in charge which i paid as had no alternative. On our return to our room at midnight after seeing a show we were settling down to sleep to find a Mouse on the edge of the sofa bed. We were eventually moved rooms and did have some money refunded the next morning. The hotel is disgusting, please everyone avoid at all costs ! We were told by the manager the mice are an ongoing problem due to building work and pest control have attended and thought the problem was sorted. Obviously not !	
Nov 19 2009 	should have trip advised it first	We have just spent 3 nights at the Royal Norfolk Hotel in Paddington, Great location but unfortunately the Hotel lacks quality in an abundance and needs alot of money for a drastic refurb. The carpets are mainly thread bare throughout and are of a very poor quality. Our room was on the 3rd floor even though we had requested ground or first floor. The room was poorl, tatty fittings no tv remote, There was not a suitable table or area to boil a kettle which was dangerous someone could scold themselves if not careful.The window wouldnt close properly, the curtains are damp, the shower was in only what i can describe as a walk in wardrobe and the toilet well, it would flush only with an effort, and it seemed to make funny noises as well as smells all by its self. When in the shower it was so old the controls are not readable it worked but justWe asked the next morning to be moved we looked at a room on the 2nd floor at the back of the hotel well it was awful so we went back to our original roomThe breakfast was ok but why are mushrooms cooked in garlic at breakfast ? And orange juice is more like squash generally not wonderfulWe had arranged to pick our luggage up later on departure,The cases are kept in a locked cupboard ground floor, On our return we both used the toilets downstairs they were an absolute disgrace 100% filth we have never seen toilets like this before. How can they be left to get in this state what are the managers doing. This was my last image off leaving this Hotel .Never to return	
Sep 23 2009 	Appalling	We were promised a luxury apartment- it was filthy with chipped doors and furniture, dirty carpets,greying towels and threadbare bedding. The bathroom was caked in limescale and the kitchen table was a piece of chipped formica with the edging strip missing and folding garden chairs. We had asked them to dismantle the bunk beds before our arrival so our twins could sleep in single beds-thhis was not done and the receptionist who was going off duty showed no interest in helping us. The 3rd bedroom fitted in the beds and no more-there wasn't even room for the children to sleep on the floor.There is NOTHING luxurious about Allen House and to say so is at best optimistic and at worst fraudulent. We had to pay 3 weeks in advance and I can see why- if we'd had to pay on leaving we would not have stayed- it was the worst room I have ever stayed in anywhere, and had no redeeming features whatsoever.	
Oct 24 2009	Indifferent Staff - Dont bother	Had read really good reviews about this hotel so decided it was worth a try. Booked a twin room for one night and asked for a nice view, did not get this. In fact the view was horrible. Cannot complain about the room it was clean and comfortable but could hear a buzzing noise all night which must have been some sort of hotel machinery. Also the corridors had that horrible hotel smell, hard to describe what it is.The worst thing was the attitiude of the staff at breakfast. There was not much hot food on the buffet, we had to ask for this and only small quantaties were cooked at a time even though the hotel was very busy. We were not offered hot drinks, the staff were just intent on clearing up and did not ask us once if we needed anything. We had to ask twice for tea and the staff seemed to be trying to avoid us. When we went to get toast they cleared all out things away! All in all quite a stressful experience.Although the hotel was a good price it is quite a way out of London and not really worth the effort of getting there. We were very disappointed with the stay and would not stay there again. We certainly expected better from a Holiday Inn.	
	Great Location -- Nice European Hotel	Stayed here over the long &quot;Thanksgiving Holiday&quot; - first time to London and thought this is a charming, nice location hotel. I couldn't have been more happy. Compared to other hotels I have stayed in Europe the room wasn't SUPER small....	
Nov 14 2009 	Room problems long delay in fixing it.	I recently booked a twin bedded room at this hotel. On arrival at 2pm both beds were zipped together. I immediately pointed this out to the reservation staff and they told me that my Holiday Inn profile was for a King size bed. I told them that was irrelevent as I had booked on this occasion a twin bedded room. I told them we needed to go out but would return later that afternoon, they told me that the problem would be fixed before our return. On our return the problem was not fixed and they said they had no staff sio we would have to change rooms. The new room was no where near as good as the original and faced the road so was noisy. Furthermore people calling the hotel for us were told we were not at the hotel, they had not logged the room change. This problem dogged us for 2 days and we never did gat any of the messages people left. All in all a pretty poor effort on their behalf.	
	Still good value	My second time here for a one night stay: I think it is excellent value for London and I like the location. You can walk from Kings Cross or Euston or get the number 73 bus. The local Goodge Street tube is handy for the Northern Line which takes you to Embankment and the heart of the city. Goodge Street also has many eating places to choose from and the inevitable Tescos and other mini supermarkets.Free wifi was appreciated, having paid a small fortune at the previous hotel for just one hour ! The room was small but comfy and you get all you need, use of space is great, attention to detail is evident too. Yes, there is road noise, not a problem in the winter as you have the window closed. I think it could be in the summer though when windows remain open. I also find the staff welcoming and friendly and I think the inclusive breakkfast is brilliant value ( the day before I was in another London hotel who wanted 23 for a cooked breakfast !) The link to John Everett Millais is intriguing for me as my business is in the visual arts.	
	CLEAN GOOD LOCATION CHEAP	Stayed in London travelodges before, but never on the South Bank. This was an excellently located hotel, 100 yards from the tube station of Southwark and a 5 minute walk to the Thames. Great base if you want a bed for the night clsoe to the amenities of London town.Reception staff very helpful.	
Nov 12 2009 	Really good stay - I will go back and will recommend to friends!	I booked through Laterooms.com and went for this hotel as the reviews seemed better than other (more expensive) hotels in the same area.I was really impressed by the friendly welcome from the young man on reception. I got my keys quickly and found my room (an en suite single) to be both comfortable and very clean. Despite being given a basement room, the decor made it feel bright and warm. The bed was lightly larger than I was expecting for a single and the attached bathroom was also well decorated, well stocked with towels and very clean.Although I could hear the rumbling of underground trains I actually found this quite soothing and had no problems sleeping.The breakfast was very well prepared. I read in one review that the portions were small... but I felt the size was just right and those with a more excessive hunger could help themselves to as much additional cereal, fruit, youghurt etc. as they could cram in! The fresh cafetiere coffee was very nice too!Overall, I felt incredibly secure (being a lone female traveller) and very comfortable.I would definitely stay here again (perhaps soon for a Christmas shopping trip if I can convince the other half :))	
Aug 9 2009 	Do not stay in this hotel!	I wish I'd looked for reviews about this hotel before I booked. I have never stayed anywhere as bad as this. The reception staff are completely inexperienced. The rooms are a joke. When I arrived and checked in the receptionist tried to sell me 'the biggest room in the hotel for only 20 more!'. This room contained 2 single beds and a dble sofa bed which was pulled out. I explained I was on my own and staying 1 night so didn't need the space or extra beds and could I be shown the room i had booked and paid for. We then went back to reception where he phone his boss and said 'she doesn't want it' and then handed the phone to me telling me that the boss wanted to speak to me. I couldn't believe the lack of professionalism. The boss explained that the room I had booked was on the 4th floor. When I told him that wasn't a problem he then admitted there was water damage to the room. I told him he was obliged to find me an alternative room without trying to charge me extra. I was given the 'biggst room in the hotel' only to find that none of the 4 bed options had decent matresses, the TV didn't work, the ensuite was a plastic cabin stuck int the corner of the room with no toilet paper and previously used shampoo and showergel. There were wires trailing all over the room, curtains that didn't meet in the middle, I could go on but won't. In the middle of the night I was woken by someone entering my room! I was a woman travelling on her own so you can imagine how frightening that must have been. It was the night receptionist who told me he didn't know that the room was occupied! In the morning there was no apology forthcoming until I mentioned the episode?! Needless to say breakfast was not served as the cook didn't turn up. Probably a lucky escape. I explained I had paid B&amp;B &amp; therefore wanted a refund. I was told that there was nothing that could be done about it until the boss returned at 3pm .... Do not stay here.	
Nov 20 2009 	What a find..brilliant value	HiBooked this through Last Minute and was one of their top secret hotels so got it about half the price it should have been. Quite good location for all the major sites with short tube rides. Check in was quick, friendly and welcoming and although we got there just after 1300 our room was ready. King size bed, room modern, spacious with very plush fittings and everything you need . Good size bathroom with bath and shower. Air conditioning perfectly controllable and quiet. The room was mega quiet and bed very comfy. My hubby says he slept like a log. Didnt eat at the hotel but ate at chinatown and also near by the hotel were some really good Persian restaurants. Had a lovely meal at one called Safa. Ate really late after theatre but service impeccable. All in all we had a lovely stay here and wouldnt hesitate to stay again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Filthy and very rude staff	That's one of the worst accommodation I've ever had. I arrived at midnight and the reception guy yelled at us to let him sleep and not to ask so many questions about the restrooms, towels, soap and shampoo. The breakfast was uneatable and the reception guy which was the &quot;chef&quot; as well was cleaning the tables and washing his hair in the same time. It was unbelivable. We've stayed for three nights, the sheets were never changed and we hardly had some soap for the bathroom and no shampoo at all. I strongly wouldn't recommend this &quot;hotel&quot;. Any hostel I've been so far has millions better services than Bakers.	
	Small dusty noisy and bad service	My husband and i stayed here for one night only and that was enough. I know this may sound harsh but we have never been so disapointed with a hotel. I boasted to my family about staying in a 4* hotel but had to admit on my return that there wasn't much to boast about. The room was tiny, you have to walk around it sideways apart from the bathroom which i must say was the only good point especially the way the water ran out of the tap but i must stress this was the only good point. It was dusty because of the continued refurbishment that was happening. I know many peopke have taken this into account but the work should be finished if it's going to cause disruption fot the guests. The next pitfall parking, this is something we specifically looked for and it suggested that parking is available for guests but it didn't state as long as you are willing to pay 40 a night. Last but not least breakfast, after entering the dining room and waiting 10 minutes for them to clear a table which we subsequently cleared ourselves, we then waited 10 minutes for some clean plates but forgot to ask for clean cups at the same time which took another 5 minutes to get. After eventually sitting down to breakfast which wasn't very nice we then heard a funny noise followed by two of the guests unplugging the warming hubs as it sounded as though it was about to blow up. We shortlly checked out after this. We responded to the review on their website and were offered an apology and a free upgrade to a clubroom on our next stay if we paid for a double standard room. Which i personally thought was a bit of a joke!!!! The other point we found was after entering our debit card details online we were then asked to pay for the hotel when we got there as it didn't take the money out from the online booking which on top of everything else was a little irritating!!!!!	
	Was close to work was the best reason for being there	Room was finished to a terrible looking DIY standard. Shower curtains were marked, windows full of condensation and bottom of loo was brown. I had noisy room at the front onto main road. Wouldn't go back unless it was my last resort (and then I'd pay more to go elsewhere and travel into the office from further away.	
Jul 15 2009 	Barely adequate for the price considering that the room wasn't exactly clean.	On arrival the room appeared fairly clean although there was a 'beery' smell. Upon investigation we found a damp sticky patch at the foot of the bed on the floor-obviously beer had been spilt and not cleaned up. On asking a member of staff for a room change we were told that it was not possible as the hotel was full-fair enough.When we asked for a discount we were told that that member of staff could not authorise that and that no manager was available over the weekend period-strange?We also asked for additional pillows only to be told that none were available either-strange again?The room facilities were basic if adequate, the mattress a little firm/ thin, there was evidence of smoking ( even if it is illegal now) in the room and the cap of a Vodka bottle under the bedside table-so cleaning standards would appear to be low!There was some noise on the corridor in the early hours (2.30-3.30 am) but little external noise (with the windows closed as the room was pleasantly cool).The buffet style breakfast for 2.95 seemed good value-if a little chaotic given the poor layout of the dining area and the number of people in there.Staff were polite-despite there being an error in checking in-at 1.00 am a member of staff entered the room stating that the computer showed it to be empty-however he was very apologetic when he realised it was not.	
Oct 29 2009 	Beware Hotel run by Scam artists and thieves!!!	We were quoted and charged one rate for 2 people over the phone. Checked with 2 people and paid for the next 2 nights in advance. the following day, the Manager calls to say that we have to pay more because there are 2 people in the room. We refused to pay and he got rude and said 'pay more or leave'. We wanted to confer with our traveling partner ref the booking details but before we could call them (phone system wasn't working properly) in their room, the Manager called back to say that he did charge an extra 50lbs, needless to say we checked out. When we got to the check in/out counter, the Manager had left for the day (disappeared in 15 minutes!!!). When we returned the following morning, we told him (as the credit card company told us) &quot;we want a refund or else we will report this to our Credit Card company&quot;. The Manager refused to give any refund and basically said ' let your credit card company deal with it'.Now, when we were checking out, another lady was trying to check in and the clerk was trying to charge her 85lbs for a room with a double bed for only herself. (they were trying to charge us - not for the double bed that was in our room but for having 2 people in the room). We told her that we were checking out because they were scamming us. She followed us out and asked for details and then went to another establishment.	
Nov 17 2009 	Perfectly fine for the price	Myself, wife &amp; (adult) daughter spent 2 weekend nights at this hotel at a cost of less than 180. So that's approx 30 per night each. Yes, that's in Central London and as ever you get what you pay for. It's basic, some of the furniture is old and the odd lick of paint wouldn't go amiss in places. Cleanliness was OK with plenty of clean bedding. The TV was quite small and the shower in our room had nowhere to hook it on the wall (i.e. you had to shower yourself) but ............... it's 30 a night in Central London. The old building is very steppy and the flights aren't wide by modern standards so that would be a problem if your mobility isn't too good. Breakfast was fine with plenty of cereals, drinks, toast, fruit etc. A cooked breakfast wasn't automatically provided but you simply had to ask one of the kitchen/waiting staff &amp; one would be provided for you. The location is good, just around the corner from Paddington Station(s). Loads of shops/pubs/restaurants in the area. Across the road is a green 'square' and you're a 10 minutes walk away from Kensington Gardens. You wouldn't want to spend all day in the room but there is a nice reception area with 2 large sofa's and a TV at ground level. Reception was manned at all times we went in/out of the hotel. I'd go back again no problem as it was great value for money.	
Aug 20 2009 	noisey expensive rooms not up to scratch	I found the people that I dealt with pleasant and competent, however the noise (1st floor rooms rumble with the tube!), lack of cooling (fans are in short supply), and general disrepair of the apartments does not (for me) warrant the charges, which are similar to staying in a local 5-star hotel. The extra kitchen facilities do not compensate for the general disrepair (and the odd smell in the hallways). Stayed twice in Aug 2009.	
	Excellent Value for Money!	This hotel is ideally located with Kings Cross Station and underground on your doorstep. You can easily walk from Euston station too as it is a mere 10 minutes along the road. Also note that there is a burger king next to it (makes it a lot easier to find). The rooms itself are lovely and maintained to a very high standard. All rooms come with free tv and internet(via the tv) and each morning you are supplied with a newspaper of your choice which is also a nice touch. The bed's are very comfortable and the shower is excellent. Only slight problem was the heat of the room which was soon solved by asking reception to turn on the air conditioning. They also have a luggage room which is very handy if you have late flight/train. I would definitely recommend this hotel as it also has a Starbucks, Costa and Tesco nearby.	
Jan 17 2007 	Stayed here lots of times its fine	Just had to write a review after reading the poor ones given. We started staying at this hotel about three years ago, and have done so since when we visit London - up to now about a dozen times. Okay, lets get things straight - if you want the Hilton there is one in Islington, go book it. Its two to three times the price and they charge you for parking and breakfast. The Parkside is clean and functional, and a good price. We stayed in a variety of rooms whilst there, but favour the attic rooms as they are so quiet. The windows look out onto the back car park and you do not suffer the road noise that others have mentioned in the reviews. Also the trembling effect that someone else noted in the reviews (I think its the underground tube below - it isn't that noticeable throughout the hotel - but is not noticable at all in the attic room). The attic rooms do share a bathroom, but each attic room has a bathroom next to it with seperate stairs to each attic room / bathroom - no-one else goes up there as the rest of the hotel rooms are ensuite. One of the main bonuses (I'm a light sleeper) is the lack of neighbour noise - no noisy corridor or wafer thin walls allowing the nocternal activities of your neighbour to disturb you. I could never understand why the hotel doesn't section the beoom and bathroom together, with no acces to anyone else - would make a great &quot;Penthouse type suite&quot;. The rooms have been furnished a year or two ago, but although showing their age are clean and have everything you need. The decorating is relatively new. I have never found grotty conditions. The staff can vary, and like many London hotels rely on east European labour. I have had extremely friendly to a little off putting, but on the whole (as the staff turnaround is high - like most London hotels) have been happy enough with the staff. The breakfast is the best I have come across in London without paying the extra money at the likes of The Hilton for their breakfast buffet affair. Decent portions, good choice and all very celan and freshly prepared.So, as always you get what you pay for - and as for the reviewer that says they can get more central London hotel rooms that are better for half the price (that would make it about 30 a room!!), tell me where this hotel is - I'll give them a go! So to recap, decent, clean, and if your careful quiet hotel that we have enjoyed staying at several times.	
	Cosy like a hotel for a budget lodging!	We never knew the rooms would look like a HOTEL. When we arrived, we had zero expectations on how the room was going to look like.Surprisingly, the rooms were equipped with a flat-screen TV, a queen-size bed, a couch with an extra bed, in-room coffee pots and a very nice bathroom!Concierge's very helpful, friendly and practical. The hotel is very near to the town, just a few minutes walk from the hotel. There are also shop lots around and we had no problems finding for food. I can't remember exactly how much I paid for it but twas 15 pounds per night. There wasn't any breakfast available but from what I know, you have to pay an extra 6 pounds if you want breakfast to be included. Other than that, my friends and I had a great stay at Travelodge Barking.	
	Purely Business	Stayed there throughout my 10 days stay along with my colleagues, should say it was a very pleasant stay. i stayed in a single room, though the hotel has bigger and family rooms too and it was spacious for comfort, even though i spend much time working or out sightseeing. The hotel is one of those quite by-lanes of main london, i was told one of the bomb blast happened right in front of the hotel . We actually didn't have to take a taxi or even a bus to get to the client's place or for that matter wherever we wanted to go, be it restaurants for dinner or to nearest tube station, all was very much with-in 5-10 minutes walking distance. We could walk to most crowded place in London, the Piccadilly square in 10 min and still when came back to hotel, which is right opposite to a very silent and beautiful park with Mahatma Gandhi statue in it. Overall the hotel is very conveniently placed for all kind of activities and should mention the helpful staff which helped and advised rightly us in just about everything we approached them for, be it directions to indian restaurants nearby or booking us a taxi at odd time for the airport. thanks to well-defined process placed for guests.	
	No recommendation for Hilton	We had booked an executive room for 3 nights Friday - Monday and were given a room facing the interior yard of the hotel which we found nice until we realized that the room was next to an engine room - it was hardly possible to sleep since the hum of the machines was coming through the walls. We had booked a special rate and did not expect the best room in this category but clearly one should be able to sleep without disturbance by noise that is coming from a ventilation system. The bathroom needed renovation and was not 100% clean but was spacious. We asked for another room the next morning and were told to pack our luggage and Hilton staff would move our belongings to the newly assigned room while we were out. When we returned in the afternoon our luggage was still in the old room and we finally moved the suitcases ourselves. The second room was on the 6th floor, on the Terrace Floor, which must have been recently refurbished since the decoration was much nicer than the rest of the floors / rooms. The room was smaller than the first one but quite. However one could hear the guests in the room next door talking in the bathroom. ( and smell they were smoking in the bathroom on a non smoking floor ...) There was only one bathrobe in the room even we were two. We orderd room service, which was average hotel food. When we left for the evening the tray, which we had put outside the room was still there. We returned to the hotel at about 11:30pm wanting to take a night cap at the bar. The first thing the waiter advised, was that the bar would close in 30min. When we asked for a drinks menue he brought the wine list and waited impatiently next to the table. Actually we had wanted some whisky but he never gave us that menue so we finally left not taking a drink at all. Outside our room was still the tray from room service, which was quite surprising since the turn down service had been in the room. The maid was assuming there was only one guest in the room as well. The tray was still outside the room - 24hrs after we had ordered the food - when we came back the next afternoon and some of the leftovers started to smell. There were 4 employees in the room next to us, seems there was an issue with the condition the guests had left it, but none of them removed the tray after finishing the cleaning. When we came back that night the tray had finally been removed and turn down service had realized there were 2 guests in the room. Breakfast in the executive lounge was good but the tables were never really clean and the scrambeld eggs were old and cold. When checking out the clerk did not ask us if we enjoyed our stay neither did he wish us a nice day. The location of the hotel is great but attention to detail is really not a strength of the staff and we did not find them particullarly friendly or helpful. We will certainly not recommend the hotel to friends and I will avoid booking any Hilton for future business and leisure trips.	
Nov 18 2009 	Fantastic location	Stayed in this hotel for a long weekend in London and would return. The location is brilliant-between Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square. The room was lovely, the bathroom in need of a bit of work but that wasn't a big deal. We had no major dealings with the staff but they seemed nice. Got a great deal off the londontown.com website.	
Oct 24 2009 	Well-located comfortable B	A well-situated B&amp;B hotel between Baker St and Oxford St areas, with plenty of eating options locally. My room was booked as a single but was actually a small double on the first floor. Very clean and well-equipped for this kind of hotel with bath, ironing board etc, comfortable bed, clean and well looked after. There was virtually no street noise. Soundproofing from other rooms seemed poor although it was quiet from about 11pm.	
Sep 14 2009 	Fabulous service great location not disturbed by trains at all	I used to work in the area and was a bit wary that family had booked us into this hotel. It looks like a typical 4 storied dusty london pub, at the back of Waterloo Station, right next to the railway lines. I was very pleasantly surprised!! We were checked in early. The bar inside is nicely decorated and the frescos on the ceiling are amazing! The rooms were smaller than I would have liked but all renovated in the last year: crisp bedlinen, flatscreen tv, clean carpets (even in corners and under bed!!). The bed was the most comfortable I have slept in for ages!Had a quick bite to eat in bar - jacket pot with cheese and bacon - lovely. Falafel wrap also looked good.Next morning was greeted by the landlord and invited to sit for breakfast: lovely selection (all the usual stuff) and then had gorgeous full English breakfast. Landlord chatted to us about our night and shared coffees and stories with us; very friendly and welcoming, to the point that we felt 'part of the family'!!! We left our luggage there all day and on our return had to recount the day's events before we were waved farewell and safe journey.Definitely return (I wonder if there is confusion with another hotel of the same name; I couldnt find fault with this one at all and I have worked for some of the best known hotel chains, front and back of house)	
Nov 9 2009 	Hidden Gem	Close to both Queensway and Bayswater tube stations. Very clean room and not as small as expected. Bed was comfortable. Although breakfast room was small in size, there was always a table available. Breakfast choices were good. Really good coffee. Staff were suitably friendly. The shower had decent pressure for a hotel. The toilet was a bit high off the floor so this would be uncomfortable for shorter people. Overall, very good value for the cost.	
Dec 10 2006 	Hotel about to close i was told by staff!	HOTEL REPORTBooked hotel for 190 via Lastminute.Arrived at The Willett Hotel 3* London Sat Evening 6pm 9th DecAll looked initially fine, until.We could not even get into the room.The keycard to the room 7 (described by Lastminute and the hotel as Double Luxury) when swiped would not work! after three failed replacements and six trips up and down the 4 flights of stairs (no lift) the hotel staff declared that the lock was broken and they would have to let us in each time we wanted access our room via a master metal key!No other rooms were available except a cellar room which the staff said was not nice! (We could not find any other rooms in the location)My partner and i were very tired after a long trip and just needed to sleep, so we stayed the night. (Wrong move)Just as we got off to sleep (9pm)The phone room rang, can the maintenance man start work on the door lock!You can guess my reply.After an hour or so we got some sleep only to wake up very early in the morning absolutely frozen solid and i mean really ice cold! The heating was off and the windows actually had frosty condensation on the inside.At this point the only thing to do was get in the shower to thaw out.Oh yes please see my photos of 3 star hotel bath and room.Time to quit this place so we packed to leave.As we checked out we complained about the cold room, only to be told by the member of staff that the heating has been broken for ages and did the person on the desk last night offer you a fan heater???To end it all no offer of a discount just, how about some free breakfast!Since we had the car parked outside with the luggage and parked double in London it was really an option. (or was it the image of the kitchens in the basement that put me off?)Finally the member of staff did say sorry and that the hotel is closing soon!Great, thanks for the comforting news.Last minute also have a copy of this report with a demand for action.The rest of you please be warned. dont catch a cold. WE DID!	
	dreadful food	We haven't stayed at the inn but used to eat there regularly. It was very special. I think the main chef has left because the food is terrible now. What a shame.	
Nov 17 2009 	It was like visiting Faulty Towers Terrible Hotel!!!!!!	Visited this hotel last weekend while going to the X Factor on the Saturday night, we arrived at 5pm and the greeting from the staff was very unprofessional and cold it was as if we should not have been there. When i tried to check in they had to check the fax they got 3 weeks earlier to confirm my stay as i wasn't on the arrivals list i was handed 2 large old fashion room keys and told where my room was and what time breakfast was at notjing else. I get into my room to find three beds an old style tv looks about 20 years old, some towels on my bed and some drawers and a cupboard. Take a look in the bathroom and it is filthy you could see the dirt all over the tiles and in between the grout in the shower, there were no toiletries as advertised when i booked the room. The carpet was filthy and you could see a build up of dirt where it had never been hoovered, there were cobwebs all over the ceiling, the bed sheets were no better either i ended up throwing my bed sheet on the floor as i refused to lie in a flithy bed cover. The heating wasn't on when we arrived and after checking the raditors to see how to turn them on i discovered that there was no way of turning them on or even turning them down if it got to hot, decided to watch some tv only to discover the tv channels were not tuned in properly so when you thought i'll watch BBC 1 you had to spend 5 minutes working out which channel it was on as they were all muddled up and it did not have a proper arial signal. Never got any sleep as there were a lot of parties going on in the room next to us which they done nothing about, i refused to eat breakfast the next day because all i kept thinking was if the rooms were that bad imagine what was happening in the kitchen. I'm surprised i never found any cochroaches in there. Overall my stay was a total nightmare from start to finish and i would advise anyone thinking about using this hotel no matter how cheap a price it is DON'T DO IT. In my opinion i can't believe there is a hotel in London still like that they should be closed down by enviromental health and should be ashamed of the state it is in. It's a shame becuase if they actually invested more money into it and trained their staff properly it would be an ideal hotel for Wembley area but instead it's like FAULTY TOWERS ONE OF THE WORST HOTELS IN WEMBLEY!!!!!	
Oct 3 2009 	Good hotel but for the premium you pay they need to try harder	Arrived expecting the very best experience and frankly I didnt receive it.Summary Excellent location Well decorated Good ambience generally Comfortable beds Small rooms Even smaller wardrobes Hotel bar full of non-residents who work locally Excellent breakfast Concierge is excellent At times unpredictable serviceI checked in just after 5pm and the receptionist took me up to my room, wow was I under whelmed, small, dark and worst of all window looked into back of the building with builders rubbish right outside my window. At 400 a night, not what I expected.The receptionist still standing at the door could tell I wasnt happy and tried to placate me by frankly lying and apologised suggesting the builders had just arrived, clearly they had not and clearly she knew I wasnt going to be happy. Only until I told her in no uncertain terms that I wasnt happy that the penny finally dropped and she offered to find me another room.We went back to reception, as I was keen to get changed to go out to dinner that night, I went with her to reception to get a another key, she kindly offered me a complementary coffee but all I wanted was a room. They clearly knew people would object to that room, so why try and palm it off on guests. Anyway after another 10min wait finally we went up to another room, which was better (see picture). By this time I was really late and had a rush to get ready. As I started to unpack my bag, she started saying if there was anything else the hotel could do etcit suddenly dawned on me she was literally standing looking for a tip! I couldnt believe it. In most good hotels I dont mind particularly if the receptionist shows you how various things in the room work etc. None of that and after having wasted almost 30 mins and a lot of inconvenience she was looking for a tip, which I ignored. I asked her to send the butler up to press a shirt for that evening as I now had little time. About 5 mins past and no butler, I phoned the operator and they sent one, who did a brilliant job and brought the shirt back after about 10mins.As I was changing I realised there was no glass or tumbler in the bathroom, yet again phoned down and asked for someone to put a glass in the bathroom when I went to dinner. Throughout getting changed I had a couple hotel staff knocking on my door thinking it was someone elses room, again not good.Finally I was ready and went to the bar to meet a colleague, it was 6.15pm and both bars were very busy, I literally managed to get the last seat in one of the bars, but I suspect that around70% of those people were actually non-residents as there was a door straight outside, again after spending a reasonable room rate leaving it to pure luck to get a seat didnt impress me.After dinner at a nearby restaurant I got back to my room to find the duty manager had left me a very nice Lauren Perrier bottle of champagne on ice to apologise for the inconvenience when I arrived, which was a good gesture in the circumstances and a glass had also been placed into the bathroom.I used the overnight show shine service which they nicely box up when the return it in the morning. However I dont think they actually cleaned the shoes, they made it look as if they had but I dont think they did. When I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in London a couple of years ago I did the same thing and the shoes came back as if they were new. This time it was different; they looked exactly the same as I had remembered them the night before.Breakfast was excellent the next dayOverall I expect much better, the rooms are seriously small and one of the previous reviewers mentioned the lack of wardrobe space so I was aware. However it was only me and only for one night. My king room effectively only had one side of small cupboard for hanging space which isnt much but doesnt worry me but it might others who are staying longer. The location and breakfast were excellent and the hotel itself in terms of decoration is excellent as its newly renovated. I liked the hotel I just think the service and thats what your paying a premium for here was at best unpredictable at times. I will stay here again once more in the next few months but if its not improved I wont be back after that.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great hotel for sightseeing in London	Used my Tesco Clubcard vouchers for two adjoining rooms for 2 nights. Bedroom surprising spaceious and well maintained with new LCD TV + free water in room (still and fizzy).Breakfast also really good and satisfying.If doing sightseeing bus the original tour stops outside hotel until about 10:15 otherwise you have to get a normal red bus to Marble Arch.Didn't use bar so can not comment.Recomended for family trips to London and super value if you save up your Tesco vouchers (90 in vouchers for whole weekend)	
Sep 19 2009 	Elegance and comfort pity about the service.	My wife and I stayed here for one night after taking our son and his belongings to university. We chose the hotel for two main reasons, proximity to Loughton, and the style of the hotel ( i.e. country house ). The location is quite good there are local shops nearby not sure about pubs, as we didn't leave the hotel. It is maybe 10 minutes to J5 of the M11, and the same to the A406 North Circular.There are still elements of the old country house, but it has been sympathetically modernised.The bedroom ( room 408 ) was very clean and comfortable, and quite spacious. Facilities included tea and coffee, trouser press, and stationery.Check in and out was efficient. Bar and restaurant prices are what you would expect in London.The only problem we had was with the restaurant service. In the restaurant itself the service was quite slow and the staff inattentive, even though ther were only two tables occupied. On returning to our room, we called down for more milk (for coffee), but this never arrived.On the whole we had a pleasant stay, and as the price of the room was similar to a budget hotel, I would have to recommend it.	
Nov 11 2009	Probably the best deal near the Tower of London.	The hotel was a bit worn down and had a small elevator. Watch them for unwanted or extra charges. The rooms are clean and not too small. It is close to the Tower of London and the Aldgate tube stops.	
Nov 26 2009 	Perfect Location - Not a Perfect Hotel but we would return......	We booked this as a mystery hotel on Late Rooms and thought the rates we paid were fine for the experience we had over our 4 nights stay. In many ways this hotel probably isn't quite a 5 star, but having said that, it wasn't bad. The location is absolutely it's finest selling point. 2 mins walk to Holburn Underground and London is at your mercy!! We tubed it pretty much everywhere - including up to Wembley for an England game we were seeing whilst we were here. As an added bonus it is also in walking distance of pretty much everything too, so if you are not one for the tubes, I'd still reccomend this location. We walked up to Drury Lane (&amp; back) for the theatre one evening and had a pleasant daytime stroll from the hotel to Trafalgar Square, Downing Street and Westminster - although admittedly the second time we were heading Westminster way we got on the Underground!Our room was 'fine' - we did have a super king bed, which probably didn't help to make the room look very big! But we still had adequate room to get dressed in - although it has to be said our bathroom was the tiniest I have ever had in a hotel! There literally was enough room to open and close the door...... but then I wasn't in London to sit around in the bath to be honest!! And I was told when requesting a high floor at the back of the hotel (which was lovelt and quiet by the way!!) that the size of the bathroom would suffer due to the shape of the building..... so I can't really complain.We ordered pizza from room service one night when we were late back.... I wouldn't reccomend that!! We also never had breakfast at the hotel as the prices seemed steep - especially when there is a Wetherspoons 3 mins walk away where you can get a breakfast and still get change from 3.00!! There are also numerous other cafes/pubs that are open early for breakfast, this being London.The bar downstairs has a great drinks menu, it's just a shame that the guy who seemed to be on it most of the time we were there was a right miserable so and so!! He gave me the impression he thought we were 'not good enough' or not 'rich enough' to warrant his very best personal attention. Whether this is because having been walking around London in the cold, we were often dressed in jeans/trainers and jumpers/coats I have no idea! But it was fun to watch his face when we went from arriving and promptly ordering a pint each to quench our thirst, with a chaser to warm us up (cue snear!) to then ordering his most expensive bottle of champagne!! Call me petty, but it really made me chortle at the time (in my scruffy jeans!) I must add the remainder of the staff were excellent and very helpful - just watch out for your bill as you check out, as the mini bar sensor is VERY sensitive and you will likely have things appear on there that you never touched! The staff were quick to remove them from the bill as soon as we mentioned it though.All in all a great trip and I would stay here again for it's location - I might even wear ripped jeans for the barman next time ;)	
Nov 11 2009 	We were scared about the reviews	After reading some reviews we were worried about where we had been booked by our travel agent. However, even though the room was small and the halls were narrow, we were satisfied with our room. Small, neat. clean,bathroom ok and pleasant staff. So for those who were complaining ..not sure which room you were in but ours was fine,	
Aug 24 2009 	Small hot and a few things to be desired	We were met on arrival by a very friendly and helpful host who showed us to our very smallroom to the front of the hotel. The room was extremely hot - the window onto the street could be slid open and held up by a foot long piece of wood (Health and Safety experts eat yer heart out!!) but could obviously not be left open for ventilation either when out of the room or overnight for security reasons. A small desk fan offered alittle help but we still had a v uncomfortable night. Nice flat screen TV with a good choice of programs. Breakfast was choatic - a full house all turning out at the same time with the v cramped dining room unable to cope resulting in a 20 minute wait for a 60cm x 60cm table which soon became the site of a feat of balancing to get cups, plates, sideplates, juice glasses and condiments on at the same time!A convenient location for some stations and sites, a friendly and helpful staff but..............quite expensive for a very small hot room (with a 'grubby in the corners' shower room/WC. A small cooked breakfast in cramped conditions where one may feel rushed or neglected (depending on whether you are overlooked by those waiting or doing the waiting). WiFi at 2.40 per hour and no in room tea/coffee making facility (in a 3star hotel??). Has an expensive vending machine in the dining room any bearing on this?On the whole.......................give somewhere else a chance - large chains are bringing down their prices!	
	Location! Location! Location!	What is not to love about this boutique hotel that hasn't already been said. The rooms- adequately sized, were spotless and furnished beautifully. Quiet at night when you want to go to sleep, and bustling during the day. Location for shopping and transport can not be beaten.The most outstanding feature though is the service. Herald and his team (inparticular, James and Ava) go well beyond what one would hope to receive. They were great with dinner recommendations, and any other request we had.Breakfast was plentiful, but best of all they know how to make a great Strong Latte. A fabulous way to start off the day.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location decent value	The superb location of this small hotel (about 12 rooms) fully justified our choice. First the pluses: small Georgian mansion located in Bloomsbury, right next to the picturesque Bedford square, without crowds and hubbub inherent to any large or chain hotel, ideal location not only for your theater attractions but for every major Central London destination, even when walking. Clean rooms with a hint - though vague - of a boutique hotel, along with affordable (for Central London) value. The bed was really wide and comfortable. As one of the previous reviewers noted, the rooms are sound-proof as far as room-to-room sound insulation is concerned. We booked it through Expedia and got a $200 a night rate. Some reviewers complained about the room size but from our previous experience it's rather normal for Central London. Now the downsides: if you have more than a carry-on luggage it's going to be really cumbersome to drag your bags up the really narrow stairs. The front desk/concierge services looked pretty much disinterested in the hotel guests. The bathroom lacked above the mirror lighting which made the shaving or make-up close to impossible. Our windows faced Gower street, and though our room was on the second floor, the pretty serious 24-hr a day traffic was a nuisance, for the windows sound-proof quality deserves to be significantly improved. To summarize: decent hotel, decent value, but definetely not a 4-stars advertised.	
May 8 2009 	Horrific!	Room still had previous guest's belongings in the room. They said they would clean it but all they did was take out the guests shoesand bags leaving the used sheets towel and soap. I walked around the corner and booked at the Comfort Inn instead. Do NOT book at the Ivy. The Holly House Hotl is the same hotel. Don't be taken in by the lownprice. Stay at a hostel for the same price but without the stained, moldy, and smelly bathroom and horrible room!	
Oct 27 2009 	What a mess you made about this hotel	I spend few days in Lime Grove Hotel few years ago, and that's the reason I was shocked when I read reviews about it, and saw some pictures here.Then I try to find a hotel with the similar name in London, and gues what: all those people (25 od them) talking about Limegrove hotel in Victoria (101 Warwick Way London SW1V1QL) and not even one (exept me) about Lime Grove Hotel (32 Lime Grove, London W12 8EA) which adress is shown beneath the headline...Even the manager of Victoria LG Hotel was fooled by this reviews, and made answer to one of the guests comments.Now, back to the appropriate Lime Grove Hotel. It's a very quiet, not big bed and breakfast place, with small restaurant on ground level.Hotel is located in West London, near famous Shepard Bush, and just one minute walk from nearest underground station.My room was big enough, with huge and very good bed. Bathroom was almost perfect, big and very clean.	
Sep 1 2009 	Mice in the bedroom!!!!	I had to spend the night in London. As it was a bussines travel I decided to stay at Gresham B&amp;B, it was the near the place I had to be the next day.The whole experience was horrible. The smell in the room was horrible, but it was very late so I decided to go for it, and that was a huge mistake. I was tired after all day travelling so I decided to rest on the bed for a while. After 5 mins I start hearing weird sounds coming from the wall, it was clearly a mouse.I went downstairs and one of the staff at the hotel came up to have a look. When he was checking under the carpet we found two holes. He said that he was going to fix it so after 2 mins he came back with wood to cover the hole. I didnt like that. I asked for another room and he said that he didnt have any other room available.After one hour there the mice were getting more and more lauder, I could hear them running from the toilet to the window. It was disgusting. So I took my suitcases and went downstairs asking for my money back cos I was leaving. That room didnt have the minimum requirements to sleep there!!The concierge asked to wait for the manager. At this point he offered me another room!! and 1h ago he said that there were no rooms availables!!!! While I was waiting I could hear the concierge laughing while telling what was happening to other people. It was unrespectul!!When the manager arrived he asked me to double check the room along with him, I said NO, I dont want to go there anymore, I had enough...He got very agressive and started to scream at me saying that there were not rats in his hotel. He got very agressive. When I asked for my money or at least part of it, he asked how many hours did I spend in the room...I said 3 hours and he said...well I am not refunding the money very unpolite and screaming. I told him that it was not fair as I paid for a B&amp;B and I didnt use the Bed or either the breakfast. So I paid 50 pounds for that and I didnt spend the night there.Ah yes, at some point he said that what I was hearing was the squirols in the garden...hahaha...how on earth is that a squirol if I could hear it running from the toilet to the window!!!After 10 minutes arguing he was very aggresive and I got scared so I just left. I do not recommend this B&amp;B. Horrible experience.	
Nov 24 2009 	Friendly Staff	Stayed here for five days in Nov 09. The hotel is an older builidng but the twin bedded room with en suite bathroom was quite adequate. The location was around the corner from the Great Portland Street tube station and a bus stop with several options into Trafalgar and other points. A Sainsburys mini supermarket within a few hundred yards as well as other eateries. The rates were moderate and the bathroom was furnished with fresh towels daily. All in all good value and no more than 5-10 minute bus ride from the main shopping areas of Oxford Circus and Regents Street	
Sep 20 2009 	Great Service	The hotel is within walking distance of Victoria Train Station yet set in quiet surroundings. The rooms and private bathroom were sort of plain but clean and good-sized. English breakfast served. Pricewise quite reasonable.Family run hotel with very friendly staff providing a good service all around.	
Nov 20 2009 	New style Novotel in "new" area	Location in new office and hotel area arising from what used to be derelict, and very convenient; it will be even more so when the taxi drivers learn how to find Kingdom Street (this is the first time in my life that I have had a driver who did not have a clue where to go, but maybe that's the driver, not the hotel's fault).Very modern style downstairs with some overuse of plastic, but comfortable and roomy public areas. the bedrooms offer either giant shower or bath and shower and reception offers you the choice. Rooms are large, bright and well equipped with enough room for a small sofa, and flat screen TV with adjustable angles for viewing from anywhere in the room. Excellent bathrooms and separate lavatories with curiously small toilet bowl. Bed was firm and comfortable, the pillows unpleasantly soft and squashy, but my solution was to take the (firm) cushions from the sofa and put one on top of each pillow...after that I slept well.Breakfast service was very efficient, and the selection very good. The English breakfast let the side down, being poorly presented, possibly because the kitchen put out far too much food in each serving bowl, so that the bacon, sausages etc were congealed and unpleasant . The working area outside the breakfast room was most efficiently run, and coffee is offered free of charge to guests working there, a nice touch.	
Nov 25 2009 	2nd visit great location and value 2nd BR isn't fully enclosed	Booked a two-bedroom unit (#218) for sharing with a work colleague for a week in London. 1st BR is as expected but 2nd is not fully enclosed but rather part of the open plan dining and lounge area. Worked fine for us but be aware of it in case that wouldn't work for you. Bed in &quot;2nd&quot; was two twins pushed together... which did not stay together during the night. Had some wireless issues early in the week. This room faces Cromwell Road but street noise was not noticeable to me. Don't get the wrong impression - I think this is a great property, especially for the price. I have visited other similar properties in Kensington and Sloane Square and they are double the price for no better amenities. (Photos uploaded)	
Nov 22 2009 	Excellent Value For Money	I can not understand a couple of the reviews below. What did you expect for 35 a night in London- the Ritz?The staff were extremely friendly to me and the breakfast was ok- this is one of the best value for money hotels in London.	
Nov 14 2009 	Smart Hotel in Good location	Had to find a place to stay with mates, I feel I was lucky to get a room here! It was clean and tidy and though it didn't quite have the kind of character I would have liked, it ticked all the other boxes	
Nov 25 2009 	Reasonable quality for London	Was given room 202. The room itself, for a central London hotel was very good. Unfortunately our room was on a level with a large expanse of flat roof, which in turn housed the extractor fans. Some were cutting in and out especially in the early hours. Then again a day in London is exhausting so personally I got used to the noise after a night and slept like a log in a luxurious bed.The room was clean and tastefully decorated. When you book, include the breakfast which is continental. 5 extra will see you with a full English. Otherwise a full breakfast will set you back 25. One other thing regarding breakfasts - the 'full English' plates are laughably small and more like side dishes. They certainly don't want you to get much. Reception was excellent and very helpful. Staff were nice. The tube is about 300 metres away. Harrods is just around the corner All in all, for a central London hotel (apart from the usual extortionate London price), I'd recommend it.	
Nov 15 2009 	The worst hotel i have stayed in my life	I would consider myself someone who does not complain at the slightest problem. I have never in my life stayed in such a dreadful hotel and I would recommend that anyone who is considering this hotel hits the back button now!Lets start with the hall way absolutely fifthly with dirt on the skirting boards, carpet with that really grubby look and marks on every wall. The reception is similar to what you would expect in a back street takeaway even down to the TV with only 50% reception. I was provided with keys with a tag held together with tape. Then the hotel room. Imagine a hostel somewhere in a third world country. Well now add the vision of one that has never been cleaned for a few months. In the corner of the room was the shower. A box with cheap doors that did not close painted in white gloss paint a number of years ago and now turned cream. The curtains were heavy with that feeling of dirt as they have never been cleaned. The carpet of the same standard. The TV again with the hotel standard of 50% reception however the worst of all was the bed. It felt like a rock the pillow thin and hard from many years of heads resting on it but oh my goodness the sheets were off grey and the bed spread the again heavy with the feeling of grime. I placed my own towel over the pillow to lie down and noticed the paper falling off the ceiling and walls with the very high standard of repair, parcel tape!The toilets were up one level. Gross I wont go into detail!The whole night I felt I was not alone in the bed maybe psychological. The next morning I enjoyed a cold shower as the shower was not working. I called for breakfast and was horrified to see brown deposits all up the cord. Breakfast arrived. Boiled egg no spoon toast wrapped in serviette and slab of marmalade make your own coffee (the kettle was new and clean and orange juice in clear glass which was now opaque.You may ask why I stayed. I made the mistake of paying when I arrived and I had confirmed with late room so was unsure if I would get my money back. I asked for a new room and was moved the second day to a larger room with same decor however this time I was asked to pay extra to which I refused. I was so pleased to leave and never wish to go back. Have just looked at the hotel rates what a con laterooms. 150 for a double room! Standard rate! No way no way. Its a case of boosting the price to reduce it to a still over inflated price a real rip off.	
Oct 30 2009 	Open letter to Choice Hotels	My check in date and my check out date were the same day. This is one of the worst hotels I have ever encountered in my 40 years of travelling. The hotel reeked of old and mould, the room which we were offered was up 5 flights of stairs with no elevator, the next room we were offered was in the basement. The halls are so narrow that getting oneself and ones suitcase down the hall was a chore. We had 2 rooms ordered, one for my wife and myself and one for our 2 boys.When I informed the hotel that their sign represented the hotel as a four star and that the rooms were totally unacceptable we were informed we would be charged for 2 rooms for one night whether we stayed or not. The rooms were so bad we left and found other accomodations. I have informed my credit card company to reverse the charge on the room as the advertising for this hotel borders on fraud.I sent an email to Choice Hotels and am awaiting their response.	
Nov 23 2009 	WHAT A DELIGHT!!!	We are in our 70's and enjoy London, returning at least once a year. This year, George, Foulla and Alex outdid themelves! As always, George's full English breakfasts last most of the afternoon and a cup of tea with a small sandwich is enough until dinner. This family is remarkable with their solicitous attitude and helpfulness. They gave us a room on the Ground floor right behind the front desk and, as expected, it was compact but just right since we spend as little time as possible in the room. If you expect US sized rooms or bathrooms, then look elsewhere. BUT, if you appreciate good value, friendly staff and helpful folks, then this is the place. We have stayed on several occasions and do appreciate the long tenure of most of the staff members; a familiar face at the front desk and in the hallways and at breakfast are indications of the care George, Foulla and Alex have for their employees. Convenience is another BIG plus for the hotel; Paddington is really just a two minute walk - trains to the West (Bath, Oxford, etc.), the Heathrow Express, four underground lines and less than two minutes are several bus lines. A nice walk to Marble Arch and Hyde Park and several good restaurants closeby including an excellent Indian and Persian. (If you must, there's a BK around the corner.) What more to say? Enjoy your stay with these hosts.	
	On the slide	This hotel is on the way down. We have been going for several years and it started off as a great value find. Time passes and standards slip. Dirty towels, disinterested staff, no staff on Reception...no sense of Service	
	what a dump	just got back from a weekend in london staying at the costello palace hotel,what a dump. me and six friends was on a coach party. we was given are room key which was on the top floor with no lifts.walked in was not impressed, there was stains on the carpet and sick down side of the bedside cabinet .we went to put a light on and there was no bulbs so we was asked for another room which was better, but looked like it had not been cleaned are decorated in years .no one on are coach was happy with there rooms.if you are thinking of stopping at the costello palace hotel dont.	
	Impressive All Round!!	Stayed here with my girlfriend/now fiancee (as i proposed in London!!) for 2 nights in November 09, the receprion area as you walk in is stunning and check-in was very efficient (ive been to a lot of places and this was one of the smoothest......trust me). Our room was great, the bed was huge and everything was very clean, we also had a huge tv in the room and a system i could play my mp3 player through. The gym is small but adequate, the pool area/gym/sauna/steam room are great and really easy to find in such a huge hotel! The location i absolutely brilliant with the tube station 30 seconds away and 10 mins to oxford street, i will definitely be back!!!!	
Aug 16 2009 	Not as bad as some of the reviews!!	Myself and my partner had booked one night as we were seeing U2 at Wembley Stadium and this hotel happened to have vacancies as we had left it quite late to book. We arrived at the hotel at 1.40pm able to check in straight away and were showed to our room by a lovely receptionist. Room was very basic but very clean and tidy. The bathroom was very tired but clean. Only criticism of the bathroom is that the bath was extremely narrow so had to stand in the shower sideways - not brilliant but manageable. There were a lot of creaky floorboards in the room, but as we were not going to be spending that much time there it didn't bother me.We decided to have a couple of drinks in the bar before we left to go to Wembley, 2 pints was 6.40 which for a London hotel I thought was reasonable.One suggestion I would have is that they should change the pillows as they were pretty awful! I did ask for some more at reception but as the hotel was full there were no more left. As for one reviewer hearing a lot of noise in neighbouring rooms, we didn't hear any of this considering it was completely full.I am not sure that I would stay here again, as yes the hotel is tired, stairs are creaky and it is in need of a makeover but for one night to stay after a concert was OK.	
Nov 19 2009 	A VERY HAPPY HOTEL TO STAY IN	My wife and I stayed her for two nights 16/17 November 2009. This is a really nice hotel to stay in.The staff here are top class, particularly reception and at breakfast;Our room on the third floor was very relaxing, spacious and clean. It was also very quiet.The food at breakfast was varied and tasty. We did not take dinner but would recommend the North Pole just down the road (but book through Top Table 50%off food).The location is just away from the bustle of the centre but only a five minute walk and Greenwich Park is a similar distance.We would go back tomorrow.	
Nov 21 2009	Great Location for the 02 - Nice Hotel - Bargain Tariffs	Went to see Beyonce in concert (AMAZING!!) so me and my sister wanted to be close to the 02, so we were not travleling half way across the city when the concert ended! Had to use the DLR line and Jubliee line....really good services ! Only 2 stops and your at the 02....you may even be able to walk there from the hotel (not sure of the route tho). When checked in I explained I wanted to pay for the room on arrival rather than departure (so i didn't spend the money when I was out)..this was fine. However on the second morning/last morning of my stay I went down to have breakfast and the waiter said he would charge the breakfast to my room, and I explained i had already paid for the room so would pay for the breakfast there and then! He said he had no record this and that the room still needed to be paid for! I was not impressed and explained I had a recipt in my room etc. I went and had breakfast (just contintial.....nice tho loats of choice !!!! )and went to reception after to sort it out but the receponist didnt mentioned anything! Which is good I was not in the mood for arguing the fact I had already paid for my bedroom !! The room was really nice ! Nice view over the river, TV worked well and had a good signal! Basic tea and coffee in the room (i took some food of my own). Bathroom good...shower very powerful :) :) Only 20 minutes into central London so perfect for exploring the city !! Overall really nice place and I would stay again and will reccommend to my firends and family :)	
	Not a trustworthy hotel no respect for our booking	We had booked with quite a lot of advance in the ABC Hyde Park Hotel, 2 nights (20 and 21 of november 2009). We arrived there, happy as it seemed to be a nice hotel from outside, only to discover that they had decided to move us to another hotel in the same street (Sussex Gardens): the Rhodes Hotel. We told the guy in reception that we had booked the ABC because we liked the appearance of the hotel and expected a good standard from it, and he said that Rhodes hotel was the same standard as the ABC. So down we went to Rhodes, and incredibly, once we were there, they told us they didn't have room in the hotel, and they would give us a room in a different building in a street close to there, Radnor Pl. Finally we arrived there (not a sign that this was a hotel anywhere), the room was not bad but far from what we had booked in the ABC. Very poor service, not serious at all, we never got an email from the ABC telling us they would put us in a different lodge.	
Nov 24 2009 	A Great New Hotel in a Great Locality	I had tickets for a show at The Barbican and looked around to see what hotels were not too far away from the area, so using TripAdvisor for some guidance I chose the Tower Bridge Hilton. Check-in was very easy in the Executive Lounge, and although I had to wait 30 mins until the room had been finished, I was treated very well by the staff. I enjoyed the separate shower/bath arrangement in the room, and the room was well fitted with furniture, bedding and wardrobe/storage space. There's also a larger than usual safe which can easily accomodate laptops etc. The late-night room service was very good too.	
	Excellent hotel	I actually purchased my room on priceline and was not sure what to expect because price was quite reasonable. When I arrived at hotel i was pleasantly suprised. It was a lovely hotel with extremely helpful front desk staff. It has beautiful public space and rooms are comfortable with free minibar and wonderful hot showers. The location was perfect as well in heart of Mayfair. Hotel is highly recommended.	
Nov 17 2009 	Ok Hotel for the price	We had 4 nights in this hotel, and there was nothing bad to say, when you compare to the price paid. Small room, but ok. Breakfast is nothing special, but you can survive until lunch. Staff very helpful and polite, All in all, an ok stay. Very central, easy to the tube.	
Nov 24 2009 	Small but does the job!	I stayed here for 2 nights during November. After reading all of the reviews on here before i had booked the hotel i knew it was going to be quite a small room i would be in. The room size wasn't a problem at all though as it was only used as a shower &amp; a bed so space wasn't really a neccessity. The hotel is in a brilliant location everything is within easy reach , albeit on foot or tube! The staff were a bit hit &amp; miss - some were really pleasant some really miserable! The place was very clean also. The only problem i had with the hotel is the standard of food at breakfast, i only ate there one day as the food on offer wasn't really up to much......there was no fruit only 1 type of cereal (which had seen better days) &amp; the cooked option looked as though it had been on display all week.I have stayed in worse places but i wouldn't stay here again!	
	Fantastic Stay at a very Festive Hotel	The Hotel is in a great location, just across the road from New Scotland Yard and within easy walking distance to Westminster Cathedral, St. James Park and the Houses of Parliament (whichever direction you choose to take!)The Superior room we booked was large with a sofa bed providing our child with their own double bed. Preparations for Christmas were underway when we arrived so an ideal hotel if you want to kick-start the festivities.	
	Very basic but charming and helpful staff	I wanted somewhere inexpensive to stay while I dealt with queries from the editor of a book of mine that will be published next year. For my purposes the hotel was fine, and I must put in a special word of praise for the receptionists. They were most anxious to be helpful, and were very welcoming. I notice that one of the adverse reviews complained about the absence of IT facilities. I needed IT facilities, and a receptionist explained how to get to an internet cafe ten minutes walk away - which served my needs perfectly. The room and shower-room were indeed small, but the bed I occupied was firm, and I slept well. Whether unusually or not, I had no noise problem at all. I missed the kettle and tea arrangements which are normal now in guest houses and hotels, and wasn't altogether convinced that the drinks machine was a substitute. But the tea was a respectable tea-bag, not powdered stuff, and I had no complaints about the quality of he drink. I suppose the coffee was instant, which is sad. The breakfast was very basic, but I don't normally eat much breakfast. Someone referred to bread slices: this is a libel. The rolls are good Italian-style rolls. My practice was to eat one with the tea and secreted the other in the paper napkin provided to eat later with cheese in Tavistock Square. I would not recommend the place for my wife, who is somewhat disabled and needs a lift. I would certainly mention it to any fellow-academic with a cheerful disposition who needed somewhere convenient to stay while using London libraries. Many of your visitors are evidently miserable fuss-pots.	
	A (fairly poor) place to put your head down and not much more	Not a very nice place. Room v.small, decoration not finished (and looked like it had been that way for a while ) damp on walls, quite loud as it was in the basement and you could hear people walking above etc. Also, electricty trip switch went off about 10 times while i was there. Very annoying. It was also a building site while i was there, they were doing some refurb work to the interior.Saying that, i'm not too fussy about luxuries etc so it was a roof over the head and did me for a couple of nights	
	fab	Was on a short biz trip to london and Stayed here for one night, great location next to marble arch, very high standard for a small hotel. There was a sign which read that the hotel won a award from the aa, can see why and will stay here agains...	
Oct 16 2009 	OK hotel for a reasonable price	After searching quite a while to find an hotel for my stay at the Excel Center I've found this hotel. Plus:Direct connection to Excel Center (bus 325), trainstation nearby (Forest gate), night busses nearbyPrices are reonablestaff is OK(English) breakfast is OKRoom was reasonable cleanRoomsize was not big, but big enough(private) bathroom was small, shower not easy to handle, but it always worked They're still working on this hotel, but the staff informed us accordingly, offering us a different room when needed so.To be improved:Neighbourhoudnoise of the streeta better plumber would be advisable for the hotel...In short: I would absolutely recommand this hotel if you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel to stay in London for a couple of days.	
Oct 1 2009 	satisfactory stay	I booked in smoothly, I was asked to pay upfront which is no problem as long as I see what I'm paying for, I was allocated in a triple room instead of a double. I asked the receptionist about the on and off fire alarm who confirmed it'd not happen as it used to be very sensitive to steam, smoke...etc. I was offered help, but I was ok. The breakfast was in the basement, it was ok. On the whole, I will go again and I will receommend it.	
	Almost Perfect...	I was in London on 21-24.11.2009. We stayed in Premier inn which is situated in center of London (50m from London Eye and Big Ben). They have unconventional reception which is very good (you can check-in on check-in machine if you want to, so there is no waiting). We have reserved twin bedroom but we have got a extra large bedroom with one double bed and one bed extra!!! Great!!! Room was perfect. Extra clean with nice and clean bathroom, flat TV, hairdrayer, cofee machine...Breakfast is so good that I can't describe... Full english buffet breakfast... planty of everthing... no more words... One and one only thing which has not been OK is that shampoo in our bedroom stayed empty for all three days. Definetly I'm going again in Premier inn...	
Nov 18 2009 	Good value	I staid for a week and was satisfied. The price is very good but remember that room service is extra (..for a studio apt is cost 15 pounds extra/day).	
Oct 31 2009 	Very good Hotel!!	Nice personal, real clean room , good transportation to Victoria Station, very good breadfast included. Recommend it 100%	
Apr 5 2009 	It is Crap- DO NOT STAY THERE	My partner and I stayed for one night. We booked it at the last minute. It looked lovely from the outside and it was in a good location. The room was not brilliant the carpet was dirty. We had a shared bathroom and it was a nightmare to get a chance to use it! when we finally managed to use it there was no toilet paper and no one at the so called 24 hour reception to ask for toilet paper. We recon they are so tight that they only leave one roll in the toilet at a time!Then we went for breakfast oh i wish we hadn't! YUK!! It was THE WORST BREAKFAST EVER!! when it arrived on our table it looked pathetic it was a spoonful of beans one bacon one egg (which you needed a steak knife to cut it with) and the tiniest sausage Ive ever seen. But then i actually tried it and i was nearly sick! it looked like it had all been reheated a 100 times! A breakfast well worth missing!!	
	Fantastic Value/location	Stayed at the hotel Nov. 24 - 26 in room #8. Fantastic location for the hotel, the room was spotless and what really impressed my wife was the cleanliness of the washroom. The room was quite small by North American standards but all we did was sleep there. Special thanks to the guys at the front desk, you made our stay very enjoyable. We will be back...	
	ok hotel	Clean, comfortable. We chose the area for the O2 arena, although it is about 7 minutes walk from Waterloo. For sightseeing, it is a good area. Rooms very comfortable, although we were woken on Saturday morning at 08:40 by house cleaners to see if our room was ready to be cleaned! (it was a bit early)!. Check in/out fairly fast, although loads of people. Breakfast good. Major problems with elevators. Only 3 for the whole hotel. Luckily we were on the 3rd floor and did the staircase, otherwise you could be 1/2 hour waiting for lift. Staff very professional. As in many London hotels,didn't like the fact that you had to pay for internet access.	
	Quiet clean and modern.	We loved our stay and found the hotel to be very clean and relaxing. We actually lounged in the lobby and read from their collection of travel guide books. The front desk staff was happy to assist us with snail mail, restaurants, and anything else we needed. The breakfast was of a great variety and the staff tending to the buffet were readily available to supply whatever we needed. We stayed on the back side of the building and had no noise and a comfortable bed. The rooms were a decent size for Europe. Also the location was three blocks north of a major metro stop and Hyde Park.	
	Great location great for the cost	Great location, within walking distance to Buckingham Palace, London Eye, Westminster Abbey etc., 3 minutes from Victoria Coach &amp; Rail stations. Hop on - Hop off bus Tour and country tours. Room size is just comfortable, bathroom excellent , elevator fits 2 people with 2 cases, clean, well serviced daily. Tea/coffe etc in room. Great cooked breakfast included...plenty of it. Free internet in the lobby. Very helpful &amp; cheerful service from staff. Would definately stay there again. Didn't hear street noise - with the window closed, which is incredible as it's so close to pub, restaurants etc.,.	
Nov 25 2009 	Worst hotel EVER!!!	We chose this hotel for the price+location, but we've been to other hotels on the same rate and in good locations that where OK, this one was HORRIBLE!-the room was dirty-the mattresses where awful (you could fill the metal springs)!-the service was rude &amp; offensive-the only reason we stayed was they DON'T ALLOW REFUND!they write they are *** but they are **, and so they claim when you complain.	
Nov 23 2009 	A truly appalling hotel; never again	I booked a &quot;suite&quot; (ha! ha!) for 3 nights at GBP 160 per night. The cash was extracted on arrival before seeing the room (maybe my mistake). The room was very small, the heating and air conditioning did not work, the safe was locked so you could not use it, the heating system made terrible noises all night, the breakfast is unbelievably bad. The area is not too nice, either.I left the next day. I was refunded just GBP 160 - so that meant I paid 320 for one night!. I moved to the Hilton at Paddington where the room was probably twice as big, everything worked, the location is nice and the room cost maybe 200- so - 20% more..	
	Ruined my stay in London	I stayed in the Berkeley Hotel for 2 nights at the end of November 2009. I booked a Junior Suite for self and husband 6 weeks previously and requested an extra camp bed for my 6 year old child. At the time of booking the reservations lady was desperate to describe the entire choice of suites available - I requested a recently-renovated room with no preference for decoration.Upon arrival at 9pm we were shown to a 'tired' suite on the first floor of the hotel by an apologetic young man from reception who announced that there was a wedding party right under our room but that the music would only go on till 1am. ONLY UNTIL 1AM?! After a 5 hour journey and looking forward to ordering room service and getting an early night's sleep this was the very last thing I wanted to hear. Apparently however, all those other suites were now booked and occupied by other people and yours truly had obviously drawn the short straw, despite having booked weeks before. The music really started getting going at around 10:30 pm and in desperation we made a scandal and were moved to a small room on the 4th floor the other side of the hotel. Here, we merely had to contend with the room vibrating every 3 minutes as the Tube trains passed below. I never realised those Tube trains passed so regularly until I had to sleep above the line! This night was offered complimentary I did not get a wink's sleep and would far have preferred to pay in full for a proper room. The next night we were moved to a small suite which was quiet and comfortable, at a discount. I will never go back to this hotel or recommend it to people I like. I was expecting a &quot;top hotel&quot; experience but this is impossible in a place which treats guests so carelessly.Probably this type of experience can happen at any &quot;top&quot; London hotel now which are owned by groups and have a high turnover of foreign staff. Beware when you make your booking, especially if you arrive late in the day!PS: Had a little insect visitor too!	
Nov 25 2009 	A delightful stay	My husband was attending a conference dinner and we booked this hotel for an overnight stay afterwards. The hotel was well recommended by other reviews on Tripadvisor. Use the hotel's own website to book as it has a 'best rate for the day' button. We booked a Queen room with breakfast for 109 - an incredibly cheap rate for London. When we arrived, we were very courteously greeted and advised that we had been upgraded to a deluxe room at the front of the hotel. The room was beautifully and comfortably furnished - all the usual bits and pieces extremely well done. Two bottles of mineral water were provided. If I have any criticism it is that the room was very warm during the night and that the shower screen wasn't quite big enough to prevent splashing. But they are very, very tiny niggles because we spent an extremely comfortable night. The lounge/bar is small but beautifully furnished with squashy velvet sofas and very comfortable chairs and tables. A particularly pleasing touch is the courtesy glass of wine in the evening - and very pleasant wine too! Whilst we didn't eat in the hotel, the food looked very good and was surprisingly cheap. There are, however, many restaurants in the vicinity - albeit not particularly cheap ones. Breakfast, served in a very pleasant downstairs room, was continental and perfectly adequate. But for those who want a cooked meal, there is plenty of choice - again very, very reasonably priced (remember, this is London). The staff were completely charming and very efficient and we were extremely well looked after. We would certainly stay again. As a note, the hotel is within easy walking distance of the famous museums and the Knightsbridge shops and is very close to the tube. Thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
	Value for moneyvery cleanmodern hotel 	First time to use Premier Inn, won't hesitate to use the chain again if this hotel is a typical example. The location of this one is perfect for its easy 5 mins walking distance to Victoria Apollo or Victoria Palace theatres and easy too to walk to Wetminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament etc. We also walked to Hyde Park to Winter Wonderland from here., well worth a visit! Nice modern hotel,well used but quiet, efficient helpfull staff, our room was spotlessly clean. Lovely choice for a varied quality breakfast. Will use a Premier Inn hotel again.	
	Great location..but awful staff	Very good location just a few steps from euston station. But the down falls are pretty much endless.. for starters the staff were so rude and unfriendly, the heating did not work in my room i was absolutely freezing, my TV did not work even though they have a 15minute policy to get any problem solved in that time or you stay for free.. even after 3days and several complaints my TV was never fixed and hey guess what i didn't get to stay for free. The cleaning staff i must say were very friendly and helpful but they walk into your room willy nilly with out even knocking.. They caught me in my towel not once but twice. I have stayed at the Ibis all over the UK but i must say this Ibis was the worst ever.	
Nov 11 2009	Bed Bugs...refused refund!	2 hours after checking in we found a bed bug in our room, which we discreetly took to show the manager and said we would have to find another hotel and asked for a refund. He assured us we had to get our refund back in Canada thru our travel agent via the booking agent, but it would be &quot;no problem&quot;. He admitted bed bugs were a problem in the whole area. Upon return, we found he had wrote an email to the booking agent blatantly lying and we were unable to get a refund. These are very unethical people! Do not stay here!	
	Perfect for 'second wedding' night with our boys staying too	Browns is a perfect balance of luxury and style in a beautiful hotel and at the same time a very relaxing place to stay. We stayed for our wedding night, after a second wedding for both of us, so wanted to incude our teenage sons, so we had dinner in the Donovan bar which was really special and suited everyone. We could have happi;y stayed all weekend had we not had to deliver 2 boys to a school rugby match. A total haven in the middle of London and would highly recommend it in every way.	
	The Glenlyn offers the best value in London - ignore the one bad review!	What can I add to the praise already heaped on this bright, fresh, modern, clean, friendly guest house?We were completely satisfied. Once you're on the Tube, it's just a few stations from Leicester Square without having to change. It's worth the extra fifteen minutes on the Tube to escape the pokey, cramped, tatty, smelly budget hotels that litter central London. Smokers can enjoy a fag on the terrace in a beautiful, spacious, flowered garden. I have no idea why the Yorkshire Grumbler put in such a bad review - I can only assume he's one of those who will complain about anything and everything. The breakfast was fine - and I liked the &quot;help yourself&quot; service. The dining room is bright and airy.The beds were wonderful, with crispy white sheets, heavenly pillows and high-quality duvets. We slept like logs in the quiet tranquility of Woodside Park.The prices are exceptionally low for this standard of service and facilities, Book now to avoid disappointment - and the certainty of getting ripped off somewhere else. My colleague was visiting England for the first time, and I was thankful for, and proud of, the Glenlyn.Well done, folks!	
	Welcoming Staff!	The reception staff was very welcoming and very helpful even in the late hours of night. The hotel is nice, very well located. The room was basic, a bit small with very basic furniture. The bathroom however is really nice with multiple amenities. Breakfast during the week end is really good, on weekdays however there is a limited choice but you can always ask the staff for hot food.The only negative comment is the hours of opening of the bar. It closes on 11 pm on a Sunday.	
	Decent budget hotel for this location	I stayed at the Cherry Court hotel for two nights in September. On the first night we stayed in a room on the 1st floor, on the 2nd night we were moved to a room on the 2nd floor. The rooms were extremely small and very basic, just a bed and a small bathroom which only just fit the shower, sink and toilet. The room on the 1st floor was a lot better than the room on the 2nd floor, which had a worse shower, had no ledge in the bathroom or shower to rest toiletries on, and had a bathroom door that wouldn't close. The 2nd floor room also felt hotter and stuffier, and didn't seem as clean as the other room. The photos I posted with this review are of the better room, on the 1st floor. We arrived at the hotel early and we were able to leave our bags in the lobby and go out for the day. When we returned back in the evening the bags were already in the room. The next day we had to change rooms (due to only one room being available each night of our stay, which was a different room). When we went out the next morning we just left our keys with the owner, and when we returned that night our bags were already in the new room. That was convenient. I liked the fact that the hotel had free internet in the lobby, and a water cooler downstairs (even though the water just dribbled out and took ages to fill a water bottle). The location was good in terms of being close to transport (only a short walk to Victoria train station and coach station), however the area itself was not as pretty as other areas of London. Even though the hotel was on a quiet side street you could still hear street noise at night due to being close to ground level and thin walls. This hotel is ok if you are on a budget and can't afford much more. There seems to be a difference in quality depending on which room you get. If I had only stayed in the 2nd room on the 2nd floor, I would be giving a bad review. I had previously stayed in 4 star hotels in the Kensington area, which I much preferred, and only moved to Cherry Court for the location, so this may have affected my review.	
	Broken Boiler Excuse - sent a bunch of us off to stay near Wembley Statidum!	Booked this hotel for four nights from Sat 21 November, but on checking in was told that the boiler had broken and that we would have to stay at another nearby hotel for the night. They organised for a taxi to take four of us and was driven an hour to a Quality Inn near Wembley Stadium. We had paid for a 4 star in London and ended up in a 2 star next door to Wembley Stadium which took over an hour to get there! The next day there were a bunch of other people, some who were booked at a hotel owned by the same group from across the road - it appeared that their boiler was broken too! We didn't get picked up by the taxi until 12.00pm the next day, so wasted a whole day of our 4 day break. Some of the other people were only there for the weekend, so their weekend was spoiled. Once in the hotel, I found it to be very nice and the food was really good too. But I don't believe their broken boiler excuse - according to the taxi driver - they double book rooms all the time and shift patrons like this around all the time too. They should at least put people in a nearby hotel, not outside of London.	
Oct 10 2009 	A good base for London sightseeing	Located a short walk from Paddington Underground &amp; Railway Station, the Omega Hotel is a good base for London sightseeing. Plenty of restaurants and bars nearby. Breakfast (incl in the rate) adequate. Helpful staff.	
Nov 24 2009 	Clean and comfortable but dribbling shower	Hotel is very convenient - 2 mins from Pimlico Tube and less than 10 mins walk from Victoria mainline. No. 24 bus also goes past which goes on to Trafalgar Square and beyond. The road is reasonably quiet - the whole road is hotels and residential so no nightclubs to keep you awake.Room was very clean and neatly finished. Any smaller and it would have been cramped, but these sort of hotels are for sleeping in, not lounging about in all day.Bed comfortable: choice of hard or soft pillows which I've not seen elsewhere.Good picture on flatscreen LCD TV (not always the case) with the full range of Freeview channels.Shower very disappointing though. Hardly any pressure/flow - similar to a low powered electric one. If I'd been there a few days I would have mentioned it to the front desk.Breakfast OK - standard range of Kelloggs cereals, choice of breads and preserves, tea, coffee, juices. Exactly as expected and something of the &quot;USP&quot; for HI Express over Travelodge and other 'room only' offerings.As a London bed for the night, this is perfectly adequate. It's convenient (for transport and, as it happens, my London office), clean and quiet. Price was OK as well - I paid 117 for a fully flexible rate on the Government price, which I qualify for. Even cheaper rates were available on non-flexible advance purchase.	
	An oasis in a busy city	A great getaway surrounded by the hussle and bussleGreat ideaVery romantic	
	In a word - disappointing.	I stayed at the TMA for one night on Sunday 29th November for a business trip. I've used, and been satisfied with, Thistle hotels previously but this was different. At check-in, which to be fair was courteous and reasonably quick, I was told that I was being upgraded at no cost to a superior room - jolly good. Not so jolly when I arrived at the room itself. Although undeniably large, including a seating area with sofa, the room was very scruffy and long overdue for a refurbishment. Had I not arrived at 9-15 p.m. (later than I'd hoped) and been leaving first thing the next morning, I'd have rejected it. In several places the wallpaper was lifting from the seams; there was considerable staining of the decor and ceiling adjacent to, and leading from, the aircon unit; the bathroom was very tired but the most apparent defect was the appalling state of the principal table, the wardrobe and, to a slightly lesser degree, the bedside tables. All were chipped, stained, damaged and visually dreadful. The main table was fit only for firewood. Also, bizarrely, the tv couldn't be orientated to be viewable from the bed. If you wanted to watch it, it was the sofa or nothing. (The mattress on the bed was ludicrously soft too, but hey, maybe that's just me).It had been explained to me that the room was &quot;much, much better&quot; than the room I'd booked...I wouldn't want to see that one!The breakfast was ok...no more, but the staff in the restaurant were friendly and efficient, as was the check out clerk.There is no way that this is a 4 star hotel - I was charged 148 for the room and breakfast which was excessive for such a poor experience. The staff were markedly better than the infrastructure of the hotel itself - my room was bordering on unacceptable for a (so called) 4 star hotel from such a high-profile chain. I won't be back to this hotel. I'm staying in another Thistle hotel in Liverpool in 2 weeks time with my son - if that doesn't deliver, Thistle can forget my custom.	
Nov 16 2009 	very good hotel on outskirts of centre	Stayed at the ramada docklands in november for weekend trip to london, very good hotel just outside of london and straight forword to get to, had a free carpark unlike others nearby, and was a short walk to dlr train station. We had breakfast each day on our stay of which you had excellent choose fruit cereals hot or cold buffet breakfasts. They was a bar and resturant, and a pub just a short walk away. The rooms where good and clean, our room over looked london city airport so you could watch the planes coming and going but was not really noisy cause room had double glass windows, i think the rooms at the otherside of the hotels benfited for views of london skyline? Booked through onhotels website and saved a bit from the normal rate. Would definatly recomend and stay there again.	
Nov 14 2009 	Clean basic efficient excellent value.	Arrival at this quiet square in Kensington belied the fact that we had paid a lot less than 100 to stay at this very starightforward, even trendy, little place.The staff were efficient and helpful. The room was clean, the bathroom was immaculate, the towels and sheets spotlessly clean, the decor modern.The breakfast was a bit basic (toast and cerals only ) but then again, it was a very low price for a tremendous location and a great night's sleep. Recommended.	
	after-pains	not customer-oriented hotelvery low service levelboor reception	
Oct 13 2009 	Comfortable and friendly	I stayed here once a week for about three months on business and got to know the place and staff quite well. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. The 'all you can eat' breakfast buffet is great if you like a cooked breakfast (which I do). It's generally quiet at night but some rooms are more prone to noise from plumbing/corridor. My only grumble is that although the staff are incredibly helpful, professional and friendly, the computer booking system isn't reliable - I had a favourite room that I'd pre book and confirm in advance every week only to find when I checked in the that computer had randomly allocated me another one. Other than that, great.	
Nov 23 2009 	Maybe I was unlucky...	The front desk was busy with guests seeking to change their rooms when I arrived, as was different guest when I left for my meeting in the morning. Yet another guest stood attempting the same thing when I returned in the evening. The staff were friendly and efficient, but had few options available. I switched rooms because the bed in my first room was broken.Room 318 - The bed sagged heavily to one side and made me feel like I was falling out of bed. The window opened onto a courtyard with several noisy extraction fans. The room was small, but the hotel was inexpensive given it's location. There was room for a double bed, but I'm not sure where your luggage would go. My overnight bag fit under the desk. I am not a giant, but at 6 foot (ca. 185cm) I could put my palm on the ceiling without fully extending my arm. The room was roughly the size of a small ship's cabin.The bathroom was fine.Room 308 - You could get in and out of either side of the bed and the bed was flat (an improvement). The room was extremely warm, but at four AM I discovered this was because the heated towel rack in the bathroom was turned on full power. Again, the ceiling was low, but the room was otherwise adequate.--If I had been given room 308 on the first night and had discovered the heat source earlier, I would probably have given the hotel a positive review. As it is, I saw several rooms in addition to the ones I slept in. Those on the ground floor open directly onto the street - as in shake-hands-with-passersby-from-your-bed directly onto the street. Not so good if you like to sleep with the window cracked for fresh air.The staff were friendly.	
Oct 15 2009 	Perfect family accommodation in London	This is a lovely establishment which is located conveniently for travel. The staff offer a personalised service to each guest and we received great care. Felt like being at home without having to do anything! I would advise those travelling for businessor leisure (with or without a family) to consider The Langorf. The manager is an exceptional lady who always aims for excellent customer service. Great value for money in the Hampstead area.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great boutique hotel with plenty of style	We spent two weeks in London which was our second visit. We wanted a small hotel that was stylish but that was very well run and had a concierge service. Number Sixteen filled the bill very well. The hotel is in a very nice area of London and was only 2 1/2 blocks from the tube station that provided easy access to two lines. We were walking distance from several museums (Victoria and Albert, Natural History...) and parks. The neighborhood had excellent restaurants and clubs within walking distance. The area was was beautiful, safe, interesting and fun to walk around.The staff at the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful. They made theater reservations for us and recommended several great restaurants. They were great with directions and just nice to chat with. They promptly handled laundry and dry cleaning needs for us as our trip required it.The room was good sized with a very well designed, although small, marble trimmed bathroom. We had a beautiful view of the garden and it was very quiet.The only area that could use a little tweaking was the breakfast that seemed to be a little disorganized. The staff, although cordial, had trouble providing prompt service even when we were the only ones in the room.I would recommend this hotel without reservation for a minor splurge in London.	
Nov 17 2009 	Just Alright.	My first time staying here last year was just dandy. It was just a nice 15 min walk from the tube station (Earls Court). No elevators. Just stairs. No frills. Just a room and tiny bathroom. The twin room is more spacious, so if you need a lot of stretching room, it's probably best to fork out more cash for more comfort.This time's stay was slightly different. I came from Paris/Bristol/Bath trip and had a suitcase plus carry-on. Unfortunately, by the time i checked in, it was late and all i got was a room all the way on the top floor through a small narrow flight of stairs. I wouldn't have minded if i had a nice duffle bag, but i had a lot of baggage. I decided to pack an overnite bag and store my suitcase w/them until the next day because they offered to switch my room in the morning when people check out. That was so very nice of her. The new room was 2 short flights down, but the problem was that the shower was missing a cap on the drain. There was a hole in the ground i was showering and with the tight space, you had to be careful where you stepped.All in all, not bad for the price and neighborhood. It's convenient to a lot of stores around (TESCO).	
Dec 15 2008	Grubby	My wife and I stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights. Although the location was good and the staff were OK, we found our room (in the basement) to be well below par. The room was grubby, to put it politely. The toilet and bathroom were run down, the carpet was worn and tattered, and the bed was quite old - it certainly felt lumpy.Whatever you do, don't stay in a basement room at this hotel!	
Nov 3 2009 	Well kept clean modern value for money hotel	Stayed for one night with family for a sight seeing trip to London. Hotel very modern, clean, warm with lovely decent sized rooms for larger families. Took car and parked it near to hendon tube station (only 4 for the day) and got 20 minute tube to city centre.Breakfast lovely - Only downside - booked for family of 5 and when we arrived the receptionist queried our booking stating room would only take 4. Luckily had kept note of managers name and conversation.Would certainly go again.	
	Seemed more like a business hotel...lots of loud business men	Stayed for 5 nights and well the room was nice, only problem with the room was the lighting was VERY poor for applying makeup! Overall, the hotel was busy with business men especially in the late afternoon. The sofas were packed with very loud men and I was forced to take a &quot;hallway&quot; seat that lead to the elevators and restaurant for my afternoon tea which was not a very relaxing event! Have stayed in much nicer hotels in London before (Hotel 41). Ward and I believe Ronnie were VERY helpful...much appreciated for them!Had booked the hotel with Luxury Links and it took the hotel 5 days to confirm my reservation. I needed to make flight reservations quickly as the price was rising everyday. Contacted the hotel 3 times and they said they were working on it...and would confirm at some point. Contacted Luxury Links and was told to go ahead with flight reservations and hopefully everything would be okay for my dates. Would I stay again, No. I think there are far better hotels in London!	
Nov 19 2009 	A disgrace don't even think about this "hotel"	A nice view looking at the entrance - but then the rooms are in separate blocks. The entrance is filthy, carpets well past threadbare, and it stinks. The rooms are just as bad, bedcovers clearly (as in VERY CLEARLY) unwashed and the doorlocks don't feel like they would withstand a casual push on the door. I have stayed in some poor places across the world in my life - this is absolutely the worst ever - and made all the poorer by hotel photos that try to give a very different impression to reality. Like so many reviewers have said already : never, ever again	
	Wonderful Find!	We needed to stay somewhere on the Jubilee Line to watch the Tennis at the O2. This hotel is just round the corner from London Bridge Mainline and Tube, and across the road from Borough Market....but quiet! We had a reasonably sized room...not massive, but well appointed and had everything we needed. The staff were great. Will stay there again, as there are trains from Gatwick to London Bridge.	
	Not bad not great	This hotel was in a great location and reasonably priced, just not very commodious. I didn't notice that it was particularly unclean - my main problem was that the showers were lukewarm and low-pressure, and my room was very small. Its all a bit no-nonsense but for me, the price (which includes breakfast - nothing fancy but it filled me up) and location made it worthwhile. I'd recommend to anyone not too fussy, and who likes good value and great location.	
	nice place shame about the area! No Good for anywhere really.	Sold as London Park Royal, this is about as royal as China is Democratic, no obvious park and about 90 minutes from the City, an hour from the west end.The hotel is clean enough, nice and new with rip off parking and expensive films. The area is a bit mix and match with possibly the worst &quot;Mediteranean&quot; restaurant in london across the road, if it wasn't out of stock it was still in the freezer, even the kebab was bland, the lebanese beer on the menu was fake appletise at 1.50 a bottle. The food we had was fresh and the waitress useless but funny, mainly because she spoke about 30 words of english.There is a pub, and a tube station 100 yards away which is JUST in zone 2 and manages to make just enough noise to get you up before dawn.Breakfast starts half an hour later than most at 07:00 and given that it's an hour or more into the office, is totally useless apart from the very nice mini muffins which came out first.You can do so much better for less money.It's handy for... wormwood scrubs prison. It's a short list.Close to the BBC, wembley and some of the roughest places in northwest London, but not close enough to be of any use.	
Sep 27 2009 	Kim and Aggie would not like it here.	Place really grotty. Good location and staff did their best. Good atmosphere in the pub. However, I would not return and I wouldn't recommend it	
Nov 8 2009 	Exactly what we were looking for. (almost)	stayed here with my partner, basicly what it says is what you get, staff are really nice, bed nice to sleep on, little kitchenett what we wern't expecting, bathroon was on the small side but you could still get in the shower and use the toilet with out any trouble, could ajust shower to heat you like, Breakfast was exactly what i said (continental) made up off tea/coffie, toast, quassonts (sp) cereal, Could hace done with a full english but thats just my oppinion. beds made everyday, refills of water, tea/coffie, and biscuits. only down side was the kettle was not in a very clean state so we didn't use it. and as for the other reviews about the noise yes there is some noise from the surrounding areas but as there is everywere in london. Will be coming back!!!! OH and it rained the first night and the heater in the room warmed us up as it has a tempiture gadge. and the Wifi was there but couldn't log onto it.	
Nov 10 2009 	Perfect location friendly efficient service great room - will definately return	Dukes is the perfect location for a weekend of fun in the West End - you can walk everywhere and all the buildings around it are so pretty, we wandered up Bond Street to Oxford Street for some shopping and lunch. Then down Jermyn St to Leceister Square for the cinema. The concierge recommended a booked a fabulous restaurant for dinner nearby. The team on reception were great - very helpful and friendly. Our room was very comfortable, particularly the bath. Our only negative point was that the we didn't realise the complimentary chocolates were chocolates as they were wrapped in a plain white box that looked like it was part of the stationery! We had a memorable stay and would defaintely return - highly recommend.	
Sep 30 2009 	No frills but excellent value and everything you need	If you want a reasonably affordable hotel in London which is clean with functional facilities and gives a basic but good breakfast this is a good choice. After some minor issues with the bathroom we were treated very friendly and prompty moved to another room (without even have to carry our luggage). Everything you need.	
Sep 23 2009	London Royal Hyde Park Hotel	Having a couple of free days decided to go to London. See the museums and explore the capital. Searched for a well situated, reasonble price hotel with breakfast included and this hotel is perfect. (Book on late rooms .com and save pounds.)We booked a double room but we had a double and a single bed in our room. (So the room was larger) Had an ensuite, T.V., Coffee making facilities, air conditioning and the room was same as in the pictures. Breakfast was 7.30-9am. Self service - we got there at eight o'clock and the counter was being topped up all the time with hot toast.Use Bayswater underground - by Keningston Park - walking distance of all attractions. Lots of transport links &amp; Food places. I did not see alift so please check before booking if one is required. Go in September and Museums are free entry.	
May 30 2009 	Clean and well-located apartments in Paddington	The Aspen Suites provide me with a lot of what I need on a business trip: a great location for public transport within London or trains to other cities, an apartment with cooking facilities and a washer/dryer, a free internet connection (though remember to bring a connector cable from your laptop to the wall socket), and a very high standard of cleanliness. Granted, some of the furniture is getting a bit tired, and the breakfast is monotonous (though plentiful), but this is Central London and you can do a lot, lot worse. In my experience, the staff are friendly when treated with respect and courtesy. Most important of all for me is the high standard of room cleaning.	
Oct 2 2009 	Very Accommodating	My husband and 14 year old booked this hotel through our travel agent after a 14 day cruise. Upon checking in for 2 nights before going back to NY, we were told by the desk clerks that our room was not ready. That seemed likely since it was 1pm. We had lunch and returned to find that our prepaid voucher wasn't valid. After a call to our travel agent in NY we were told that we would be reimbursed. Fortunately, there was a room. I read some of the reviews and this hotel is definitely under new mangagement. All of the desks clerks were personable and helpful. While we were at lunch they inquired as to why the vocher was invalid. Apparently it was a 3rd party mistake. Although the room was small, it was new,clean and modern. The breakfast consisted of fresh ground coffee, salmon, eggs, fruit, toast, etc.. It is around the corner from the tube and near restaurants and shops. We would stay there again.	
Sep 30 2009 	Good Value for Money	4 of us stayed in the Quad room which was an ok size. Bathroom is an all in one wetroom which is tiny and doesnt have a shower curtain so leave you clothes outside. Shower not very powerful but all very clean. Room was on top floor of about a million stairs, very hard to get up with cases and shopping! There was no luggage room even though it stated on website there was. Breakfast cooked to order and very tasty. We had no problems with the staff, they were very polite. Over all, for under 40 each for 2 nights we were very impressed. We were not there to sit in our room, just to sleep and shower. Would recommend for a weekend of shopping/sightseeing.	
	Convenient London City Hotel	Well located about 2 minutes walk from the Tower of London and 30 seconds from Tower Hill Underground Station and 1 Minute from the Tower Gate DLR Station. If the Circle Line is in operation, which it hasn't been most weekends, then the hotel is well located for all of London. The room we had overlooked the train line but we never heard anything. My wife is a very light sleeper and she never had an issue. The bed was comfortable, the room was large and so was the bathroom, with a good shower. The staff were helpful enough, but not that friendly, probably owing to their limited grasp of English in some cases.Continental breakfast was included, it was basic but of a good quality. The toast was a bit of a let down, put out in a basket pre-made, so it was a bit cold. Apart from that everything else was good. Didn't eat in the hotel for dinner. There are plenty of other places around including a few nice places at the Marina near Tower Bridge.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great value in London	We have stayed at this Citadines many times but were a bit hesitant reading the recent reviews. We would agree that the furnishings could definitely be replaced but all in all, we had a great stay. Our room (202) was very quiet, had a flat screen tv with freeview, which offered many different channels--definitely an upgrade from our last stay 2 years ago. The towels in the bathroom were fine (no stains) and the room was very clean.	
	Beautiful hotel shame about complacent staff	The Mayfair Hotel is stunning-great location, very clean and tidy and uber trendy.Barely a week goes by without photos of one celebrity or another seen going in or coming out of this popular hotel.Therefore, I expected alot more from this hotel.We arrived later on in the day, when reception was relatively quiet, however the gentleman behind the desk was surly, moody and didn't look remotely bothered to attend to us when we approached the desk. He made no eye contact with us whatsoever and didn't even greet us.After he gave us our room key he walked away without telling us where our room was,how to get there etc....I was at least expecting him to ask us if we wanted a newspaper in the morning, or if we needed help with our luggage (of which we had a very large suitcase), but I was very disappointed by his whole demeanour and couldn't believe this was a 5 star hotel I was checking in to. However, once we got to the room I was delighted.Large, clean, with a king size bed and marble bathroom, this more than made up for the rude reception staff. However, at 8am the following morning, we were woken by a knock at the door! It was the housekeeping staff wanting to make up the room! At 8am! We couldn't believe it, especially as we had gone there to relax for the weekend and catch up on our sleep.I was shocked later in the day after returning to the hotel at 4pm to discover our room hadn't been made up, despite housekeeping being so eager to do it at 8am! When we confronted the front desk about it, surprise surprise they just shrugged their shoulders and didn't really see what the problem was. We had breakfast in the bar on our first morning as the restaurant was too busy. The staff were very polite and attentive, however we still had to wait 40 minutes for our breakfast, which we ordered off the a la carte breakfast menu, which I felt wa too long, especially as it was only a bowl of porridge that I ordered.All this being said, the hotel does have alot of excellent qualities. The bar is fantastic and there is always a lively atmosphere in there no matter what time of day.The spa is outstanding and the food in the Amba grill is delicious (I would recommend the cod!).It is also one of the cleanest hotels I have ever stayed in.When booking a room, asking for one that doesn't overlook the front of the hotel as we were kept awake through the night by people leaving various bars/nightclubs in the area.	
Jul 16 2009 	not that bad	After reading the reviews I was kind of leary about this hotel. I am glad to say it was not that bad. My room was on the bottom floor by the dining room. Yes the rooms are small but I had an en-suite and it had a small fridge also so I could not complain. It is a little noisy but then anything close to the train station is going to be. The rooms were cheap and that is what most people want but with that price you cant expect it to be fancy.. The front desk was always friendly and helpful, and I found the hotel to be very close to most everything I wanted to see. I can not comment on the breakfast as I did not eat there--I was either already gone on a sightseeing tour or sleeping a little late. The train station is very close with a small groc there or many small restaurants around. I would stay there again if I come back to London	
Jun 12 2009 	Location. Location. Location. Too bad its a dump.	You get what you pay for  its cheap. And it shows in the upkeep. Hotel Pros: Location  youre a 5 minute walk from Bayswater and Queensway Tube stations (making it easy to get anywhere in the city) and from beautiful Hyde Park (great for people watching and relaxing). Hotel Cons: Size  I dont care if my room is small, Im only there to sleep. The bathroom is a different matter. The entire thing is tile (floor, walls) with a shower curtain down the middle and the floor sort of slopes towards a drain. After your shower youll be standing in a puddle while you brush your teeth at the sink. Everything is damp including the TP roll. Cleanliness  I am not a clean freak. However there are certain standards that ought to be met in hotels. The Annur had stains on the carpet, stains on the bedding (I dont want to know  we slept on top of the covers it was that gross), water stains on the ceiling, lack of fresh towels (considering the bathroom  you need more towels because everything is damp after a shower), window wouldnt budge so it stayed open the whole time. Continental Breakfast  3 types of breads (with toaster), 3 kinds of cereal, milk, coffee, jam. No fruit, vegetables, meat, or eggs. If you dont love toast and cereal  opt out of paying extra for this breakfast and go get some real food elsewhere. Would I stay there again? No. Would I recommend it to my mother? Most definitely NO! Would I recommend it to others? Only if they were incredibly broke, fifthly, and generally not people Id want to stay in touch with.	
	Avoid!!!	Appalling customer service... I wish I never booked this hotel! Any reputable agency - online of offline should think twice before doing business with Dylan house (London). Hopefully sooner or later they will realize and stop dealing with them.The only reason I booked 2 nights at this hotel via www.bookings.com was close proximity to where I needed to be in London last weekend of October for my NLP seminar. I was called from the hotel only 3 days before arrival date to be informed that they had some maintenance work going on and no rooms were available. Nobody bothered to apologize for inconvenience. I had to find another hotel nearby. A month later while checking my credit card statement I realized that Dylan House still charged me 77 - one nights fee. When I phoned to inquire about the charge, both - bookings.com and Dylan House replied, that this was a cancellation fee for no show....Please, be aware and try to avoid this hotel at all cost!	
Nov 25 2009 	Warm and welcoming	I have had the pleasure to stay at The Gore Hotel, several times now. I normally stayed in a wonderful room. personally a little on the small size, on our last visit we paid $60 extra a night and stayed in a Luxury room, it is worth the extra, as the room are slightly bigger. The only bad thing is the carpets they look like they have seen better days.Other than the restaurant staff who can be hit or miss all the staff are extremely friendly. The one thing that makes The Gore Hotel, so special and the reason we keep going back is the concierge (Trevor) he can never do enough, his warm welcome makes us feel like we are coming home. He is a real professional, who not only knows his job, he does it so well with pride and care for all the guest.The location is great for the museum, Harrods and Hyde Park just across the road. Please do not miss the bar with its wooden panel and great staff, even thou a little pricy its worth it.	
Nov 14 2009 	Not impressed	Thought we would try this hotel for a change as it's a well known chain.For 120 per night the desk staff could be a bit more welcoming, not to mention how slow they were at checking us in.Rooms were clean, but had those horrible shower gel and hand soap dispensers stuck on the walls.Went to the restaurant for dinner before the theatre only to be told it was closed because of a west indian wedding they had that evening. Would have been nice if we were told this when we checked in and we could have ate when we were in town in the afternoon, but luckily the Union Tavern pub across the road did an excellent meal, with great service!.Won't be staying at the Holiday Inn again, and weve booked into the Novotel for March 2010 because they have excellent reviews!.	
	It served a purpose	I managed to book the last room in the hotel for a function I was attending nearby. This was a triple room, however if 3 people stayed in this room it would have been very entertaining as the 3 beds were all pushed together so to get on the other 2 beds you would have have to stand at the bottom of the bed and launch yourself onto it.The room was clean, which was all I really desired, although things were missing and falling off the furniture, such as drawer handles etc, and despite asking reception they could not find a remote control for the TV.I was only used my room for around 6 hours, so as I said it served a purpose, but certainly not a hotel of choice. Depending what you wanted this was a good base for me at the time.	
Nov 16 2009 	Luxury room at a good price for a fun city weekend	I experienced this hotel over a weekend so I don't think it is representative of what it is like on the weekday when there are lots of business travelers. The room was a little dark but very cool and comfortable and I loved the bath products. I didn't use many of the many ammenities that the hotel has to offer but they were all available.	
	stay somewhere else	We spent 2 weekend nights at the London Guards and could not wait to leave. The receptionist barely spoke to us when we checked in..we had to ask about breakfast times, check out etc. and were given one word answers. We stayed in a quad room that smelled like my grandmothers attic. Luckily our next hotel in Edinburgh had laundry facilites because our clothes all smelled musty. My daughter fell badly on a wet floor coming downstairs one morning (no signs posting it was wet) and the 3 employees who were watching didn't say a word or try to help. Unbelievable. The Lancaster Gate tube stop was also shut down so it wasn't even convenient. The breakfast was sufficient and the servers were polite. This is about the only positive thing I can say about this hotel. There are too many other options in London to stay at this hotel.	
Nov 25 2009 	They make sure that you have a WONDERFULL time in London!!!	We where for 4 days in London.. We had booked the London Lodge Hotel in Earls Court.. It's easy to find, It's near the metro station, and you are in de middle of the city with a lot of shops!!!! Also you can walk to the Holland park and the Hyde park.. Excellent location.. The London Lodge Hotel is a very nice hotel.. It's clean, the staff is very friendly, the rooms are good and have a typical english style! You can always count on the staff.. They are there for you 24/7..We can really recommend the London Lodge Hotel to everyone who wants to have a GREAT time in London!!!! For us is sure that we will come back here next year..Cindy &amp; Mieke from the Netherlands	
Nov 26 2009 	Nice Hotel Rude Staff	We arrived at this hotel at 6am after our long haul flight from Australia. I had emailed the hotel 1 week prior to confirm our booking (twin share room for 4 nights) and also to request if it was possible to have an early check-in. We were met with barely a smile, and no, no early check-in, come back at 2pm. We had not recieved a reply to our email so far enough, no early check in. We left our bags and went off to have our first view of London. First impressions from the hotel was that London staff and service leaves a lot to be desired. Anyway, so when we return to check in, we are in a room with a double bed (not only had we ourselves emailed, but so had our travel agent emailed TWICE in the fortnight leading up to our stay to confirm booking - TWIN Share room as I was travelling with my brother). When we queried this with reception we were told that it was impossible for us to have booked a twin share economy room as they don't have any. It would cost us an extra $85AUD/night to upgrade, and it wouldn't be available until the next day. Unfortunately my brother became violently ill on the first day there, so I slept on the floor for the first night until we could move rooms, which we were told would be ready at 12noon the next day. Come 12noon the next day, it will now be 3pm. I returned to the desk at 2:50pm to pick up our new swipe card. 25 mins later I was given our new swipe card and new room number. I told reception that I would go upstairs, get our things together (and my sick brother) and move rooms, and would return the old room card when we had vacated room. They said that was fine and there was no rush. I had only just gotten upstairs to our old room when our door opened - by another guest ready for his stay! For the 25mins that I had stood at the desk waiting for our new room card, this same guest had been checking in. My current room was given away to him before I had even been allocated a new one! Nice to know that security is such a priority for this hotel, as obviously multiple swipe cards can be issued for the one room under different guests. Had we been out and about this new guest could have stollen everything!! POOR SERVICE. Overall I have never been more appalled by the staff and service at a hotel. A smirky and forced apology for us having the door opened on us by another guest (whilst my brother lay vomiting from the bed) and having to pay for the upgraded room despite 3 emails to confirm our booking. In general, staff are rude, unfriendly and certainly not welcoming. The hotel itself is OKAY, small rooms but clean and tidy and OK location-wise, but I would never recommend this hotel due to its rude staff.	
Nov 23 2009	Great hotel - does not deserve the terrible reviews!	We booked this hotel as part of a package theatre break, mainly because it was a bargain price for B&amp;B and theatre ticket. After then researching the hotel, and reading the reviews posted on this website, I was beginning to dread what we would find, but resigned myself to the fact that it would just be a place to rest out heads, and as long as the room was clean, for this price we paid, we would suffer it!I dont know what other reviewers expectations of budget hotels are, but I couldnt have been more pleased with our findings. On arrival the reception desk were very helpful, and provided information regarding the surrounding area (we wanted to know which tube station was nearest  opted for Queensway as this was on the Central Line, 5mins walk from the hotel).We stayed in room 306 on the third floor which was a twin room. Yes the room was small, but you are in the centre of London in a budget hotel, but it had all the amenities that you would expect (tea/coffee, tv, hairdryer etc). The bathroom was also more than adequate, good sized, and a decent shower. Both rooms were very clean and presentable. The only minor faults with the room were that the back of the toilet seat had come off, and the sink tap was loose  but by no means does this mean I would mark the hotel as terrible! In other reviews there have been comments about noise from the street, but we slept with the window open (the room was quite warm even though no heating was on), and we could hear no street noise at all from the rear of the hotel (we were facing onto the gardens for the road behind). I would suggest that if this is a concern, to request one of these rooms, even though the road that the hotel is on didnt seem to be busy when we were arriving and leaving the hotel.Breakfast was a little chaotic, but we were seated straight away and there was plenty to eat. Would have been nice to have a little bit of table service (ie. someone to bring you toast or a pot of tea), but it was fine, and was basically just your bog standard continental style breakfast.I will definitely use this hotel again for a theatre break, and would recommend if your expectations of a 3 star hotel were not over inflated. For budget accommodation, this was ideal!	
Oct 16 2009 	Don't stay here!!!	This is not a hotel. It's place that rents dirty, unsafe rooms from a receptionist with a diploma in rude. There are other comptetively priced and good hotels with a few hundred yards. Avoid the Lonsdale at all cost!!!	
Sep 25 2009 	not quite what I expected	very friendly welcome and qickly issued with parking permit (5) but they were happy to let me leave the car thare all the next day even after check out.The room was well presented and both room &amp; bathroom very clean; but the bathroom was quite a surprise being one of the new moulded pod type.The breakfast was nothing to write home about; but I slept well and the place was convenient for what we needed.	
Nov 17 2009 	Lovely Clean Hotel in a great location	Myself and my boyfriend have just spent two nights at the Kensingston House Hotel. The location is situated just off of Kensingston High Street, which is great for shopping, restuarants and close to the Park. For the hustle and bustle of London, it is a lovely area and quietly tucked away. We had an the excuitive suite, but on hindsight I think a standard double would of been fine. I believe the suite just has slightly more floor space. High Ceilings made the room seem light and airy, and it was spotlesses clean. Staff were friendly and helpful. My only critiscm would be the breakfast. I was dissapointed with the money that we paid, that we only received a contentional breakfast. I would of expected at least a cooked breakfast for the price of the hotel. All and all though, a lovely stay.	
Sep 26 2009 	Look no further	We have been visiting London for many years fom South Africa, and after a few false starts founds this self catering gem in Kensington, and we now stay nowhere else. Wonderful location just off Kensington High Street and close to Kensington Gardens; beautifully appointed and comprehensively equipped; friendly and unfailingly attentive service. What more could one ask for? It will not appeal to those searching high and low for bargain basement pricing in the centre of London, or trying to scrape another 5 or 10 pounds off the daily rate, but for what you pay you will find no better value in London.	
	Great location for traveling out of the capital	Recently spent the night at Premier Inn Euston, i must say that the location of this hotel for both Euston Station and Kings Cross was great, i go to visit my Parents in Berwick upon Tweed quiet regularly so having a good hotel close to the station has been great . If you need to get an early morning train ,then i would recomend this Hotel, the staff are were very polite and rooms very clean, breakfast was reasonable as it was a buffet and you could eat whatever you liked and even started at 6.30am.I hope this helps anyone planning to stay in London.	
	you pay for what you get	we got a cheap deal at local travel shop 99 train and hotel 2 nights. we arrived to queues which is all day and night. we had 4 rooms between 13 of us 2 family's rooms which was 3 small single beds and a camp bed which the kids refused to sleep in. one room was not cleaned when we got there it looked like someone had been having a party in there we rang down to reception and they said it would be sorted out. Great location for tube and buses 10 mins away from kings cross. we were out all day came back around 10pm the room hadn't been done which when you have 5 kids with you is'nt ideal. breakfast was horrendous like cold rubber the staff are really unfriendly so we went to a nearby cafe for our breakfast the next day which was great. so for the price we paid we did'nt complain but if i was paying the full price of something like 110 per room i would not be happy	
Feb 1 2009	bed bugs!	My daughter and I shared a room and while she complained that her bed was saggy, I'm the one who is covered in bites today. I've experiemced bedbugs before in rural India and Guatemala, but am shocked that this could happen at a lotel in London! Stay away!	
May 9 2009 	Good Value	This is not the Ritz but it is extremely convenient. being very near Victoria Station and an easy walk to Buckingham Palace. Breakfast is not included but there are lots of places to choose from close by and 2 of those offer discounts for guests of the hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was recently renovated with fresh paint and a new laminate floor. Definitely an excellent value for basic accomodation.	
Nov 11 2009 	Good value. Awful location	I stayed here with a friend recently as it looked close to the O2 (we were going to the a-ha gig). We got a fantastic rate of 42 for a &quot;deluxe/superior&quot; twin. I don't know what the difference is between a standard and deluxe, but let's just say I wouldn't want to see what the standard room looks like. I don't want to sound too harsh, as this place is cheap as chips, but our room was tiny, fairly basic, and the reception staff on check in and check out were less than friendly. Also, annoyingly, check out is at 11am (rather than the usual time of noon). There is NOTHING within walking distance of the hotel; it's a fairly barren industrial area of London, so luckily the DLR stop is literally across the road . There isn't a pedestrian bridge to the O2 from anywhere near the hotel; amazingly, you cannot access the O2 by foot from the hotel, despite it being just across the Thames, so it's a DLR/Jubilee trip or taxi ride to the O2. Overall, hotel is OK if you're going to the O2 or ExCel, but definitely not a romanctic base to explore London!	
	Fantastic and would definatly go back	Once i had booked this hotel i started to get slightly worried about some of the reveiws i read regarding rude staff and the hotel not being 4*. Well i had nothing to worry about, i got exactly what you would expect from a 4* hotel, yes the rooms were slighlty small but me and my husband shared for 2 nights and we did not find it a problem at all. The hotel i located just outside Great Portland Street tube station within easy reach of Oxford Street. We also required a taxi and the hotel staff very kindly had one waiting for us within minutes.The hotel bar prices were very reasonable considering you are in the centre of london. A pint of beer and a JD and coke was 7 - 8.We had contiental breakfast included in our rate but decided to have this as breakfast in bed which was lovely and only at an extra cost of 2.50. All in alll i had a lovely time, and considering i work for a hotel in essex i was looking for fault and could not find it.	
Nov 17 2009 	You get what you pay!	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. We booked online thru booking.com and was able to get a nice discount 50pounds per night with breakfast included. The room was clean although a bit small for the 2 of us. There's even a personal ref, which is useless for us. And to think we unplugged it because it's noisy. The TV was hang on the ceiling as we felt we have stiffed neck already. The toilet was a bit small, we couldnt move whenever we take our shower. Plus, we had our late checked in, and starving until we asked for delivery. The receptioned gave us brochure for indian food and have it delivered. All food are spicy. not just spicy but very damn spicy. we could even eat them. Then, we first stayed in one of the hotels in Oxford w/c is very near the city center of London. But when we transfered here, we pay 7pounds for the underground. Which seems like 15pounds added to our hotel bill is the same w/ the hotel in the city. BUT they cleaned our room everyday and change towels everyday. We have full english breakfast for 3 days. Nice service PLUS the high speed free wifi. although when youre in your room, you have to change network. when youre in the resto downstairs, you have to switch to another network. duh!	
Aug 8 2009 	premier inn london beckton is fab	Went for a long weekend with the family. Nicholas at reception was great. Rooms were great, tv with freeview kept kids entertained, fan, shower gel, kettle provided. Extra towels provided very quickly without question. Large free car park for any size vehicle.	
Jul 28 2009 	Worst hotel ever	Beleive what you read in the most reviews, we didn't and regretted it. Our two rooms probably were once one room. They just putted a wooden wall in the middle. We actually could talk with our son on the other side. Twin beds were not put side by side, but head by foot. Take your prozac with you if you want to survive.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great hotel great location	Top quality hotel by the river and close to all the amenities of central London. Have stayed here for 2-3 weeks spread across various visits and have always come away pleased with the stay.If I had to pick up on two potential downsides - 1) absence of a gym. However if you are a runner, then the hotel is perfectly located for a sight-seeing run past Trafalgar Square, Bucks Palace and Hyde Park. 2) There are sometimes queues for breakfast. The breakfast room is small given the size of the hotel, although I think the problems mainly occur when the hotel is hosting a conference and there are non-resident breakfast guests.But in short - a great hotel, stay here	
	Big springs sticking out of mattress white stains on quilt stifling dangerous. Share showers and toilets stink.	We booked the hotel online, believing it to be cheap but clean and comfortable. The share shower and toilet were in the same stinking little room, nowhere to hang your towel or clothes, and worse than most of the cheapest backpacker hostels I stayed in whilst backpacking around India in 1989. We found all our windows were open in the middle of November...it became obvious that you needed the ventilation, it was stifling and you couldn't breathe in the room without them open, even in the middle of the night. We had very heavy suitcases, staff said they would book us into a first floor room and help us with them, then left us to lug them up flights of stairs to the very top floor. I felt as though had a fire broken out we wouldn't have had any chance. The lady on the desk said that she would book us a taxi to the station, then when the mini-bus type taxi arrived (not a typical taxi), we watched her through the window dash outside and take something from the driver. The mattresses were old and had big springs sticking out, the quilts were stained with white spots and hadn't been washed.	
Nov 23 2009 	Dame Edith Evans Lived Here...hopefully not in that basement room!	Stayed at this 'hotel' on Saturday 21st November 2009 for one night (thankfully).Wonerful check-in staff and very helpful desk service, great location BUT I recommend you DO NOT beleive the photos on their website!We were in the club double room, (or tomb), since it is in thebasement next to the housekeeping room which gets noisy quite early in the morning! Bed looked huge, WITH A FULL LENGTH HEADBOARD, but when we climbed in we discovered it was two beds pushed together! there was no desk, a sofa was shoved in but underneath the wall mounted TV making it impossible to watch without being on the bed.Had to climb on a chair to operate the air con, an the bathroom was pretty but glad I didn't take the cat - wouldn't have been able to swng him in there! Arrived back cold and wet in the evening looking forward to a hot bath - only to discover there was no hot water! No one on Reception after 11 to help out...naff! (Water was back on next morning).Awoken early by housekeeping going in and out of the room next to us....!!Opening the curtains wasn't an option (opened them once to have a guy walking past shout &quot;Hello Sistah&quot;) since they could see straight in from the street!Claims to be 5 star (without a bathrobe, pair of slippers, notepad pen or mini-bar with anything other than soft drinks I cannot see how they have made this claim.)When we complained we were told it was a twin room - with a double headboard? I think not, I think we were' had.'Expensive mistake and I'm curious about the other rave reviews....reckon we were given a dud!	
	Glorious public spaces but worn out rooms	We stayed at Claridge's for a weekend in November in a suite, which we were told had recently been 'refurbished'. The bedroom and living room, although both very large for central London, were rather worn out with vintage curtains and some chipped paint and tired carpets - fine generally, but not at 1,200 per night! The service standards are good, probably amongst the best in town, and the lobby is one of the most glamorous. For us, though, the room was a big let-down. Brown furniture, cheap pictures and very old fashioned lights and so on. It reminded me just how chic The Connaught now is, albeit with rooms which are a fraction of the size.	
	Do not stay here book the Premier Travel Inn instead!!!!!!!!!	4 Star hotel?? I would struggle to give it 2 stars!!! Upon arrival it appeared a nice quiet hotel. I pre booked a double room which I presumed would be a double bed and fairly spacious. How wrong I was! The room had 2 single beds and was very small with hardly no room to walk around! The TV didn't work and in the 'tiny' en suit bathroom a glass on the side had dirty tooth paste dried on to the bottom. The shower was dirty with the previous guests hair still present!! Upon raising my concerns to the receptionist, she began to argue with me telling me that it was impossible that this could happen. I was told by the manager that I should've made them aware as soon as I found the faults. I explained that I had only arrived 20 minutes prior. The receptionist argued that I had booked in at least 2 hours and insinuated that the issues were caused by my usage. I asked her to check what time I checked in, after a few minutes telling me that it was at least 2 hours she checked and then realised that it had been 40minutes. She then argued that it wasn't 20minutes like I stated. I found her mannerisms and attitude totally unnacceptable. They did however sort out the TV and glass but failed to remove the hair left from the previous guest. The buffet breakfast would be excellent choice if you like toast, cereal, cheese, ham and cold hard boiled eggs. Oh and you can wash it down with orange squash!!!! The breakfast was pitifull!! I had to go else where when I checked out! Overall, the hotel was in a good location but that was about the only positive thing I could find. My advice to anyone wanting to book this hotel, DON'T. You would have better comfort and more value for money in a Premier Travel Inn!!	
Nov 24 2009 	nice hotel good location friendly stuff	i stayed for 4 nights in the bentley hotel while attending a congress in london.The hotel is situated in kensington which is a really nice area, just 2 minutes from gloucester rd station and 10 minutes walk from nationnal history museum and kensington gardens...the rooms are nicely decorated, bathroom is large..nice bed...and pillowsthere is a small gym and a spa which i did not use..the breakfast is rather poor [i should sau very poor] for a 5 star hotel...to be honest is the kind of breakfast you expect in a 3-3+ hotel...i had dinner one night in the hotel and food was good and prices the same..oh not to forget the stuff which is very very friendly and last thing..there is no wi fi and internet costs 16 pounds per day which is RIDICULOUS !!!!	
Nov 15 2009 	Decent enough hotel great location	I tend to stay here when I travel down to London a few times a year, either by myself or with friends / family. Its a reasonable hotel, friendly staff and a fantastic location. I tend to use hotelclub for booking here, as they're the cheapest and include breakfast.Its only a few minutes walk from the Lambeth North tube station and I feel safe walking to and from the hotel when I am on my own.The breakfast is hot or cold buffet style, its obviously busier at the weekends but they top up the food often.Theres the usual tea/coffee making facilities in the room, which is topped up daily. There are shower caps in the bathroom as well as soap, shampoo/shower gel dispensers.There are two lifts, one broke whilst I was there but it was soon fixed by an engineer.	
Nov 11 2009 	Nice hotel good location bad breakfast	The hotel was nice and clean. Our room (3 person) was big enough and had a view towards the street. Rooms were very well equipped.I didn't like the breakfast. It was basic, it's true, but even the most basic stuff was the cheeapest on the market...	
	Amazing view! Great location! Friendly service!	Stayed over in this hotel before heading off to Paris on the Eurostar for our honeymoon! I'll be honest - we were on a bit of a budget and this was the cheapest 4* hotel I could find within walking distance of St Pancras - I was not expecting much at all. The staff were very friendly when we checked in, and the hotel was very clean and well presented. Our bed was HUGE and very comfortable indeed, BUT THE REALLY AMAZING THING WAS THE VIEW!!! We were on the 14th floor with a direct view out over the London Eye. The way that the hotel is organised means that pretty much all of the rooms have brilliant views out over London, we had not booked a special room or been upgraded at all. Excellent value for money - and a wonderful start to a wonderful holiday!	
Nov 22 2009 	Perfect location for visiting West End	The Hampshire faces north onto Leicester Square, the centre of theatreland in London, so it couldn't be more convenient. Museums, the Royal Academy, and all the shops of Picadilly and Regents Street are just around the corner. The staff are the hotel's crown jewels: always smiling, always asking if they could help, opening doors for my heavy luggage, getting taxis, etc. My room was well appointed, nicely decorated and an interesting shape - a nice change from the hotel boxes one usually finds from franchised hotels. I would stay there again in a minute.	
Jul 12 2008 	A good overall experience	We stayed at the Abba Queen's Gate based on the recommendation of a travel agent. We were happy with the overall experience. We stayed in a Quad room, which worked well for myself, my husband and our 2 teenagers. The location could have been a bit more convenient, but it was a beautiful, quiet neighborhood. We had to walk at least a few blocks to get to just about anything - a few restaurants and the tube included. Breakfast, which was included, was very good.	
Aug 27 2009	Acceptable	Stayed at hotel for 4 nights, two with a tour group and two on our own. Hotel seemed to be in a good location for tube service. Close to shopping and a reasonable amount of eating establishments nearby. Room #30 was adequate for the two of us and we had plenty of room. Room faced street and bathroom was large. Box of candy supplied to room was a nice personal touch.	
	Excellent Hotel in a great location	After much research I chose to stay at the K&amp;K while in London on business and sightseeing and I was not disappointed. The location is roughly 150 yards from the Earl's Court tube station. I relied heavily on mass transportation on this trip. The ExCel convention center is a bit of a trip and takes a little over an hour to reach but the South Kensington area is so much nice than the area around ExCel. I also used the train system for a number of trips to meet with clients. The connections into Victoria and several other stations were all very easy from the Earl's Court tube station.It is quiet. The hotel is a block off the main drag. In addition, you can get a room that overlooks a courtyard. There was minimal noise from the city or from within the hotel.The room was small (typical for Europe) but well designed. The internet was free (although they do not have wifi to all rooms so you may need to connect via cable).The bed was comfortable and the bedding new.The bath is well designed with plenty of light.The staff was very attentive. We were on their case early as a package had not arrived as scheduled. They dealt with our concerns professionally and notified us promptly when it arrived. When they learned that we were also scheduled to stay at a sister hotel in Paris they phoned ahead, confirming our reservation and ensuring that we were well cared for. A class act!I really enjoy the hotel location. There are a wide range of restaurants just a few feet from the hotel. We did not use the restaurant at the hotel but it looked clean and was very active in the mornings.I will stay at this at the Hotel George again.	
	Rude unhelpful staff mastering only basic English	Second time in short while at this hotel. Won't be coming back!As stated by others, you'd be hard pressed to find a better location. Also, rooms are clean but tiny. Tiny is OK if that's what you expect, so I have no complaints there.On both occasions however, the staff have been less than helpful. This is accentuated by the fact that they simply do not know much English. Their Eastern European accents clearly shines through, but that had not been a problem if their English stretched beyond a basic vocabulary. Sadly, it doesn't.This makes conversation difficult, and opens for misunderstandings galore. Also, they never offer the extras they're supposed to for IPrefer members (even after asking). So don't bother trying to explain what you expect if you've been promised things on booking, because they 1) do not understand and 2) seem to simply not care anyway.	
Jul 8 2009 	A bargain	If you are looking for luxury accomodations, can't handle steep stairs, or plan to spend a lot of time in your hotel room having an affair or whatever, this is not the place for you.But if you are just looking for a clean, quiet, inexpensive place to sleep in a supurb central London location, close to the Tube and buses and non-touristy shops, this place is hard to beat.From some of the other reviews I thought it might be noisy. I had a street-facing room on the top floor, and from there the traffic sounded very distant (and there wasn't very much of it). What woke me up in the mornings was the sound of birds chirping -- absolutely charming! The walls are thin so if you had noisy neighbors it could be a problem -- but all of my neighbors were quiet and polite (I was the only American there -- the others seemed to be French or Italian, or Brits). The rooms had a hot water heater with tea(hooray!), a telly, and plenty of closet space.Yes, the building is older, but well-kept and clean, and a very typical older London row house (by the time I visited Dickens' house it seemed very familiar!). The staff was very helpful to me, particularly on the first day when I was still fuzzy from my flight. The rooms are small and basic, but who in their right mind is going to go to London to sit in a motel room? The shared bathrooms were close to the rooms. I never had to wait for other people to finish and they were kept so clean I never had a perception that I was sharing them with other people. The breakfast was not gourmet fare but ok, with good coffee (the main thing i care about).My friends were staying at the Generator Hostel. By comparison, I felt I was living in the lap of luxury, and in the end I didn't spend that much more than they did.	
Nov 24 2009 	Pretty grim	Let me start by stating that I'm not a snob when it comes to Travelodge. For a no-frills enterprise which does exactly what it says on the tin, they CAN offer excellent value for money when done right - such as the Euston one which I've used several times in the past. Alas, the Farringdon one is far from the pride of their fleet. My room (509) was badly laid-out, with absolutely no room to move, and none-too-clean. The furniture was shabby and dated and the bathroom merely adequate. Unlike other Travelodges I've stayed in, I got the impression no-one cared about this one; the whole place felt unloved by its staff. Thankfully, I was only there one night. I'm not sure I could have endured a second as it was such a depressing experience. On the plus side, it has a good location, being just a ten minute brisk walk from King's Cross.	
Oct 4 2009 	Loved La Gaffe	My partner and I stayed here for 10days at thend of a very long European Holiday. 4. months.We run a bed and breakfast in Sydney, Australia, and know a little about the business.Our welcome was very friendly and the beer was especially welcome.Our room was small but with an en-suite. As we were only going to be sleeping in it it was not a problem. It was very clean and the staff were extremely friendly.Breakfast was buffet style and not a cooked breakfast butvery good and filling. Just the thing to set you up for a days sight seeing.The position , very close to Hampstead station is perfect.	
	This hotel should be made to be closed or renovated!!Absolutely disgusting!!	Well what can I say!!We were supposed to stay at comfort inn in kings cross got there and apparently &quot;room had flooded&quot;, they had to put us up in the european hotel. This hotel is absolutely terrible, service sucked, the room was horrible on our honeymoon with two single beds. The bathroom had open soap and toilet paper didnt even look clean. You couldnt move around room that small. After me and my husband checked in I cried not knowing if I could leave my luggage in the room, there wasnt even door knob on door, we did leave it and never got back till 10 pm. I couldnt sleep didnt feel safe one bit. Got up at 7 next morning to go back to our hotel which room was conveniently ready thank god!! For anyone looking for cheap hotel this is a dump not a cheap hotel.. Will never stay in that part of london again!!!	
Nov 8 2009 	Central hotel/good for the price	Stayed 07/11/09. Rooms small so as an overnight stay ok but wouldnt recommend to stay for a week! However room clean, bed fine &amp; shower good &amp; powerful. Noise at night from street, but hey this is central london, 2 mins from dominion theatre &amp; oxford street. Found staff pleasant &amp; breakfast good.	
Jul 13 2009 	Decent with really nice people working there.	We stayed at the Park Lodge for 3 nights, as the Apollo Hotel vis a vis had no twin room for us (not their fault, but the Apollo Hotel got a disastrous review on it's own from us based on the 3 days we had to stay there). The room we got here has seen better days just like the bathroom. But - the beds were comfortable, the hotel was quiet and staff was thoughtful. Every person working there was friendly, cooperative and helpful. A good fresh breakfast was served with a smile. Compared with the Apollo, that made quite a difference. Cheers to the folks at Park Lodge.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great really the top in London for small budgets	This is the best value for money I ever saw in London. It beats everthing likewise in cleaness, space, organisation and quality for a low budget. The room where I stayed in was huge. It could have been the size of three rooms of an average London Hotel, a real luxury for 30 only. To the characteristics about the hotel: it is managed by the German YMCA, a Christian Youth Association. Staffs are German, it seems Austrian too and Scandinavian.Furniture are tidy, clean, clean and clean..... It makes you feel as if you spend a night in a German Bed and Breakfast. Everything is very well looked after and very well maintained. The sink is large. There are no pictures on the wall and because the room is huge, this makes it a bit boring. Nevertheless, this is excellent value for money. Lancaster Hall Hotel is the real secret bargain in London. As it is unbeatable for the low fare, reservation must be made very well in advance. Even in low season, room are hardly available without reservation. It is the fairest deal which I made in London and I really felt respected as a guest. In all, a great place to stay for a low budget.For the price I paid, bathrooms were outside but there are plenty of them, so you do not risk cueing up. The same applies for the toilets. Bathrooms are large, clean, clean and clean..There is always soap available from a dispenser. Showers are separate and everything is very friendly and again: clean, clean and cleaner than you ever can find in another place outside this hotel. The breakfast room is large and I estimated that it can accommodate about 100 guests. Breakfast is great and the choice is unbeatable. It is a typical German continental breakfast with a large choice of different sorts of cheese, sauchisages, jams, honey, different types of fresh bred ranging from white bread to wholegrain bread, fresh eggs, Cornflakes, Muesli, all free of choice and unlimited with smiling waiters in tidy clean black and white uniforms serving you tea/ coffee/ etc..This only costs you 5 which no other place can beat in London as far as I have experienced.For travellers who are desperate for a TV, the fact that I did not have a TV in my room is a downside. However, I did not mind at all and probably there are other rooms which might have a TV. Nevertheless, there is a bible in the room, so for all religious (non Christians and Christians included) and non-religious travellers, the hotel provide a space where you can rest your mind. Security is provided by CCTV cameras and the watchful staff. In all: great experience after all the disappointment I had in London. It is a place to be during the upcoming Olympics: very clean, impeccably managed, exceptionally great value for money and extremely fairly priced, the price is unbeatable for the all what is offered, best breakfast for 5 in London. In addition, its a great location in the center of London.In all: great experience, unbeatable for the price. Ill come back, for sure.and if it is only to enjoy the great breakfast.	
Nov 21 2009 	Not so bad!	I booked a 'Deluxe Double' for 99 (room-only) as a 'secret hotel' and only received the hotel name post-booking - I then read the reviews left by others and tried, in vain, to get a refund on my non-refundable booking! However, the deed was done and I had no choice but to stay - and it wasn't so bad.Location was handy for Paddington - literally a 3/4 walk once you've got your bearings, although the hotel was a bit tricky to find on a dark windy night because the street has lots of roadworks going on at the moment.The staff were welcoming and efficient. I left a 10 cash deposit instead of registering my credit card, which was receipted and refunded quickly and easily in the morning.My room was pretty spacious really, and basically clean, although a little 'tatty' around the edges (e.g. peeling paint on the bathroom windowsill). It was fairly cold despite warmish weather (for the time of year) and there was no extra blanket for the bed. Although the heating system worked fine it was a little noisy to leave on overnight.In all - I wouldn't say that this hotel experience was poor - although my expectations were low and I was simply tired and wanted a place to sleep rather than a room or hotel that met any other need (healthclub, business facilities etc). I'll not stay here again because there are so many other places to stay in London, and I'm unsure whether I'd recommend it to others because people have clearly had some bad experiences, but my own experience was OK, not good, but definitely OK.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very cute hotel in a perfect location!	We LOVED our stay at the Gate Hotel right in Notting Hill Gate. It is the perfect location, near bus stops, the tube, Portobello Road (a Starbucks!!) - everything you need just outside your door. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly and made our stay easy and seamless! Of course small rooms - that's what you get at a B&amp;B like this but it had everything we needed as we were hardly in the room! I would definitely recommend!	
Nov 21 2009 	I almost didn't stay here glad I did.	The reviews stating that the hotel was loud and that there was a night club open until 2 am almost detered me from booking this hotel... We stayed in a double standard. There was no night club within a few blocks and for the most part the room was very quiet. After 9am on weekdays there were school kids playing in the school yard behind the hotel. I don't think there are many better locations in London! Close subway access, many attractions, restraunts within walking distance. The rooms are small but clean and well decorated, as with most down town hotels in Europe. Service staff were average. Quaint, relaxing restraunt in the hotel. If you are a person that spends more time out of the room seeing the city and doing things this is a great hotel. If you plan on spending a lot of time at the hotel (ie with kids) I wouldn't recomend it. I probably would not pay full price as that may be a bit much. We recieved a great deal through expedia.	
	Montana...Perfect Elegance.	For a anniversary gift to my wife to London we decided to stay at the Montana Hotel, Kensington. The Montana was chosen on recommendation from a work colleague. And was perfect in every way. The location was perfect. Bang in the heart of Kensington and Knightsbridge with all the convenience to shopping, bars and what london has to offer.The hotal itself is on Gloucester Road and opposite Gloucester tube station so very ideal for quick train ride to all sites of London and a short walk to Kensington Palace and Gardens. As soon as we arrived it looked exactly like the website photographs and the staff were very friendly and welcoming. The rooms are very adequate for a short stay, simple but elegant. I requested a bottle of champagne to be placed in the room before i arrived, i had explained to reception it was my first anniversary. With my surprise there were also complimentary box of chocolates and a rose placed on the bed, of course i took all the credit when my wife asked ( but thanks guys for the extras). The hotel has an indian restaurant which also serves breakfast and is very convenient to have a quick breakfast before you go out and explore. When we asked the reception for directions and places to go they were very helpful and even arranged a couple of excursions for us whist we were out. Overall a fantastic hotel and very accessible with a fantastic location. Keep it up Montana.	
Jun 9 2006	Terrible Hotel	Myself and my partner booked this hotel through an online booking company. It was supposed to be a 4 star but we were really disappointed when we got there. Cheap reception, unsavoury people hanging around reception. The room was awful. Hadn't been redecorated since the 80's. The room was tiny and unclean. We were reluctant to stay there. The next morning the shower wouldn't work and the manager spent half an hour in the room trying to fix it. We checked out immediately, rang the booking company and were thankfully given a refund. Only stay here if you really want somewhere cheap and you get cheap rates. Beware!	
Nov 15 2009 	A reasonable hotel	Stayed at the Britannia Hampstead for 2 nights as part of a London Theatre Break, Good location. 20 mins on the tube direct from theatre land. Good buiffet breakfast and a good sized clean room.	
Oct 1 2009 	Nice hostel well worth the money	Lovely hostel. Free breakfast was just what was needed to get a good start on the day. Rooms were just right. A mirror with sink, desk, chest of drawers, fridge and microwave were in the room as well as two towels per person and a bar of soap. The hostel had free internet access and a comfortable environment. The washrooms were just fine and the showers were clean and working properly. The walls are very thin though and I did not sleep the best as the street noise was quite loud. Overall, it was a nice hostel and a great place to stay if on budget!	
Jun 22 2009 	Good value nice but not spectacular	I stayed here for one night, in between flying in to Heathrow and taking a train elsewhere the next day. Since I was both coming in and leaving from Paddington, I wanted something close, and not too expensive, and this was my major reason for choosing this one. The location is good. It's right on the edge of what I'd consider walkable (while toting luggage) from Paddington - if much farther, I'd probably start considering a cab. It's probably a 5 minute walk, or just a bit more. The hotel was kind of hard to find - it is part of a long strip of similar looking hotels, and there was, as far as I could tell, no external sign showing the name of the hotel(!!!). I knew where it should be from the map I printed out, and the numbers matched up, but it was still awkward.I had arrived early (and had emailed ahead to let them know I would be), and they let me check into my room early (this was nice), also upgrading me to a double from the single I had reserved. My room was in the basement, and involved navigating a labyrinth of hallways and fire doors. The room had a window that opened onto what was basically a large shaft (so there was daylight, but no view of anything other than the opposite wall). As others have mentioned, the room was awfully tight, but it was what I expected (actually with more room overall, considering I had booked a single). I found the room to be clean and everything was in very good condition. I had some problems with the TV at first (kept turning off instead of changing channels), but eventually it seemed to start working (or I stopped doing something wrong). Free internet access required an ethernet connection, which was a bit awkward considering how small the room was - you are constrained as to where you can actually use the laptop.Breakfast was included and was a buffet-style service of the standard full breakfast. I was very happy with it. For other meals, there was an OK selection of restaurants closer to Paddington (think cheaper restaurants, not fancy ones), so just a short walk away.Overall, I got what I considered a good deal (just under 80 pounds with tax included), and had a comfortable stay. I discovered there are a ton of hotels on this same street, and while I'd be OK to stay here again, I also might consider looking at some of the others that are closer to Paddington (the ones closest to Paddington were significantly more expensive when I was traveling). On my return to London a few days later, I stayed in another hotel down the road (with a higher tripadvisor rating, even), but I preferred the Shaftesbury Metropolitan to that one, for several reasons.	
Oct 26 2009 	Keep away!	Cheapyes, worth itNO! You can't fault the hotel for cheapness, however when you pay 30 you don't expect to get your 3 rooms robbed within 10 minutes of you leaving the premises!!!The staff were incredibly unhelpful, the rooms are small and the bed uncomfortable, but we did not get to experience it fully as we checked in at 14.50, put our bags in the rooms and left to go to have dinner before the evenings birthday celebrations! Within minutes of us leaving the CCTV caught a Caucasian male, slim, balding, with a backpack enter the hotel via a master key for the front door which ONLY the staff have, he SUSPICIOUSLY went into our 3 rooms perhaps knowing we had just left, and raided all our belongings, taking a purse, camera and Ipod as well as leaving us all feeling sick after touching all our belongings. The camera caught him running out 10 minutes later. I'm not saying it's an inside job but it does look very suspicious as I'm sure everyone will agree. Please please do not stay here! It is not safe and for just an extra 10 you could stay at a much nicer, safer hotel! The police are involved now and the matter is in their hands.	
Nov 22 2009 	SMALL AND FRIENDLY	I booked Henley House after seeing positive reviews. Our bedroom was small but this was not a problem as we only slept in it. Lovely view of the park opposite. Reception staff very friendly, and let us check in at 12 noon as our room was ready. Continental breakfast was substantial. Earls Court station round corner was a bonus. Whilst clean, I think it could do with a refurbishment in places, as our bathroom sink had a small crack in it. Overall it is good value for money, and they store your luggage until departure. This enabled us to make the most of our final day. Would stay there again,	
Nov 4 2009 	Ok hotel - good location but several negatives in terms of facilities	I arrived at this hotel late at night, and like a few other people have mentioned in their reviews, the receptionist couldn't find my booking, so I didn't get off to a great start. Thankfully I had e-mail confirmation of my booking with me.The room was ok. It did appear to have undergone a bit of a refurbishment - the dirty carpet other reviewers talked about had been replaced with a (poorly fitted) laminate floor, which did seem cleaner. Decor wise, the room was modern, although the curtains didn't close properly. The furniture however was still very old, of poor quality and chipped. Many of the bathroom tiles were also cracked.There were items left by a previous guest in one of the drawers, and although the room didn't seem unclean, this still made me question the thoroughness of the cleaners.My main bugbear was that when you opened one of the built in wardrobes, there were many electrical wires and loose fittings hanging down - I can't imagine this meets UK safety standards for accommodation!There is one major positive with the hotel though - it is only a few minutes walk from Fulham Broadway tube station. Also, although the rooms aren't the best, the hotel does have a nice reception area with cosy sofas / newspapers / magazines etc.	
Sep 28 2009 	Never again	Please avoid this hotel! I am a fairly easy to please person but I can find very little to praise about this place. I was travelling with a group of 14 friends and someone else booked this hotel, had I had a choice I would certainly not have stayed here. The staff were completelty disinterested, the rooms were an ok size, but the bathroom was tiny. No air conditioning so the rooms were very stuffy. Luckily I had a room facing the back, my friends who were at the front of the hotel couldn't sleep cos of the traffic noise. There are FAR better hotels in London for the same price. In short, avoid this at all costs!	
Nov 22 2009 	Location location location	There really is only one reason to stay at this South London three star hotel at a busy and noisy juction just south of Blackfriars Bridge. It is within minutes walk of Tate Modern, Globe Theatre, Young Vic and Old Vic theatres, National Theatre, Festival Hall, London Eye and so on. Also at Waterloo station you can take a 139 bus into the heart of the West End. The staff were pleasant and the receptionists were more than helpful; they were mostly eastern europeans and their knowledge of London was limited. But they certainly knew how to Google!Bed and breakfast for two in a double room was on offer at 100 booking direct, quite a find for value. The rooms are basic and the wobbly divan beds had probably been recycled from a refurbished hotel or students residence. The legs were quite literally on the point of breaking off and two people on one bed, even without any thought of matrimonial activity, would have led to disaster. The alternative was to read in bed. But the lighting was so poor that it was almost impossible to read in the room at night. So what about the TV I hear you ask. This also had been recycled, and that would have been at least twenty years ago. Just three channels available (actually none till I discovered the aerial was not plugged in at the back) with a gloomy picture on its ancient 4:3 screen. So no need to look for air conditioning or a minbar. Hot water: only when we phoned up reception and said we hadn't got any. Forgot to tell them that the washbasin outlet was three quarters blocked.Breakfast was perfectly adequate for a budget offering. Typical range of cooked to order items, but no croissants. The usual prepacked butter portions and conserves. We could have done better at the Marriott Hotel in County Hall - at 350 a night without breakfast. So there you have it: you pays your money and.....,	
Nov 11 2009 	Good value for the price paid	The hotel structure is a bit odd, but not unpleasant. The room we got (304) was a family room for 4 people, so it was huge - a very pleasant surprise. Even tough we ordered a superior room, it was much more than we accepted. The continental breakfast was a pure and the variety of the food served was very little, but it was sufficient. The hotel staff was very correct but not too friendly. The location is excellent!! the tube is not more than a 100 meters away and all the good of Finchley road (shops, fast foods, restaurants, shopping center with multiplex cinema, supermarkets and much more) is at a few minutes walk. All in all we had a very nice stay at this hotel and we'll definitely come back again in future visits to London.	
Sep 15 2009 	Very basic but very clean	I stayed at the Chelsea Guest House as I had an assessment at the Southbank YMCA just down the road. I was a little worried as it is not a very pleasant area at night however it is much bigger than it looks and there were over 20 rooms occupied on the Monday night that I stayed. Although the single room i stayed in was small, it definately did the job. I stayed in a room right at the back so there was very little street noise (room 21) and i had a very comfortable night sleep. The TV only had the basic 5 channels but i wasn't expecting the full Sky package! The bathroom was impeccably clean and the shower was wonderful! The hotel staff were also kind enough to allow me to park my car in their car park for the day while i attended my assessment &quot;as long as it was gone by 5pm&quot; which was more than adequate. Staff were polite although I didn't really have much to do with them. I didn't eat their breakfast as i didn't have time and there was a McDonalds right next door anyway.For the price - this was brilliant.	
Nov 25 2009 	The 80's Revisited	Great location - next to Marylebone high Street. Nice frontage at night - looks posh. Isn't. When you walk into the hotel in the evening the smell of roast lamb or beef from the dining room whafts through the air. It is empty.There is an old smell of old furniture, carpets that have been trodden a million times. When you get to your room and call housekeeping for a shirt to be pressed, they tell you where you can find an iron and ironing board and are welcome to do it yourself. When you call maintenance because the rads are on full belt and you can't breathe, a guy turns up and says he can't do nothing about it and you need to wait until maintennace are back tomorrow. When you say 'I'd rather have a double bed than two singles' they tell that the two singles are pushed together so are the same size as a double. The room has furnishing that would be a struggle to sell at a boot sale. Turn back the sheets and the top sheeet is blood stained. The shower head is about the size of a 10 pence piece. You get the picture? Like a step back in time when hotels didn't give a damn about what the clients thought because it was unlikely they would ever come back anyway.	
	Did not meet expectations	I chose this hotel as the Hilton in Canary Wharf is ranked so highly in the tripadvisor reviews. However, I was quite disappointed. On the other hand, upon arrival at midday we were informed that there were rooms available, which seemed like a great start to our stay. I had made a request as it was my anniversary but clearly it was completely ignored which I was a little angry at. For a standard room it was quite large with a lovely bathroom. It was very clean but I immediately noticed that the bed was quite small and low. In other Hiltons around London, the beds are very big but this was notably much smaller than the others which I was disappointed about. Another problem was that the fan kept switching itself on no matter how many times we would switch it off so throughout the night, it was very cold. Usually at breakfast, after being seated a waiter/waitress immediately offers either tea or coffee and introduces the buffet selection, however this was not the case as we waited for a while until getting fed up and eventually asked if we could have some tea. The breakfast had lots of choice of fruit/pastries/ cereals etc. however the hot food did not look very appetising. The dirty plates were not removed from our table either which meant we had very limited space. So overall the breakfast service was not up to standard.Overall, I think there are much better hotels that deserve to be ranked above this particular Hilton and I don't think I would recommend it and probably won't return.	
Nov 6 2009 	what a huge let down	Booked this hotel a night before we arrived as we were arriving early morning &amp; wanted to go straight to the hotel. We were both very disappointed with the room, very old fashioned with a terrible orange coloured cover of some sort on the bed. Very small with no where to put suitcases out of the way. Then there was the bathroom! I wondered where a funny smell had been coming from &amp; here it was, smelt like old urine. Very dingy bathroom with no where to put toiletries. Within 10 minutes we decided we could not stay here for the 2 nights so went to check out (after hubby found another hotel down the road). The receptionist could have cared less &amp; said nothing to us but gladly took our money for the 3 nights. We later realised we should have only paid for 2 after reading their policy so went back. The receptionist had to get the manager who seemed a lot more concerned &amp; offered us another room, of which we declined. Our 1 night was refunded.	
	Not only will I not stay here again .. I'll avoid any holiday inn!	My heart sank as I entered the dingy reception come bar. it was costing us 150 a night. and I expected more. we entered the dinning room - with its stained carpet and formika tables .. and one of the poorest steraks I'v eaver eaten (at 18!). the lack of attention and love was summed up in the serriously chippped cgalls candlestick in the table whic no one bothered to light. The room was fine - comfortable and quiet .. and why wouldn't it be for that price! breakfast the first day was fine - on the sunday awful - tavles piled with dirty crockery. litte food on the buffett - they were even out of butter - in the hotel accoring to the waitress. the final touch was the 7.00 per hour (or 5 minutes) to use one of the cmputers at reception to do on line check in. The hotel manager on duty and the receptionist both said oh those computers have nothing to do with us!!! such poorl trained and unresponsivive staff make one dispair, AVOID THIS HOTEL IF YOU CAN	
Nov 23 2009 	perfect shopping location	Located at the end of Carnaby Street, a few steps away from Regent Street, the perfect hotel to explore London and 5 stars at a reasonable price. When we arrived the hotel gave us a room next to the elevator, but since we didn't like it too much they immediately gave us an other room, which we really appreciated. The room was big (certainly for London standards) and really quiet. Since we had a 12-year old with us we had a roll-away bed in the room, but it didn't bother us. Breakfast was OK, but on the small side. The spa with swimming-pool was nice after a long day in London shops. But the best of the hotel is it's location! You step out the door right into Carnaby Street and Regent Street, it takes you a 10 minutes walk to arrive at the West-End theatres. We booked a musical through the hotel and our seats where great. The staff tried to do every effort needed to make your stay a perfect one.	
Oct 14 2009 	Does Not Earn Any Stars...	We've been staying in this hotel for four nights. Our expectations weren't too high, but not even basic service was provided. We would definitely NOT recommend this hotel to anyone... you're better off sleeping on a bench somewhere in the park.- bath was very small, couldn't imagine having someone bigger in there. It was actually not even a real bath, just a caravan toilet. There was no holder for the shower and on the last day the water was boiling hot, no cold water...- [--] HAIR of at least 50 other guests are still gathered in the sink... terrible...- floor was NEVER hovered - room service was ridiculous, the only thing which had been done is emptying garbage and bedding. We were out of toilet paper, even AFTER room service it had NOT been filled up. When we asked for toilet paper they were quite rude telling us it was late and we couldn't expect any service at that time of day, which was very ironically not necessary if they had done proper room service! - we had cockroaches in the bed! yes, [--] cockroaches- you could hear everything outside even with closed windows and they were not airtight either- towels had never been changed one single time...- it says free wifi but we had to pay and it didn't even work from the room...- breakfast was very poor and the room smelled dirty - check out time was 11am, but they already wanted to start room service at 10am and annoyed us with telephone rings and knocking BEFORE 11am... still can't believe this, the staff was quite rudeAgain, I would not recommend this obnoxious hotel to anyone, do yourself a great favour and GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!	
Nov 9 2009 	Pleasently Surprising - We enjoyed our stay.	From reading the varied reviews for this place we were a bit weary about booking here, especially because we were travelling with our children, but I must say this place was nothing like the negative reviews suggested.The last reviewer said that there room smelt of cigar's, now that worried us so we were not going to stay here but in the end I'm glad that we did. The place actually smelt very refreshing a lemony scent everywhere, upon arrival at the reception there were nice fresh flowers everywhere plus the breakfast room had flowers on every table too.The Hotel is a non-smoking hotel, so I don't know how the last reviewer's room could have smelt of cigars, there were smoke detectors in our room and all over the hotel premises. They must have taken the last review to heart and sorted themselves out lol.The location of the hotel was excellent, less than a minutes walk to the tube and then about 15 minutes in the tube to Leicester Square. We walked to harrods one day via High street kensington, which was lovely and took us around 30 minutes, we did have our kids with us so am sure if there were just us, we could have been to high st. ken much faster.The staff and management were great and full of suggestions on where we should go and what we should do, they were also able to get us some fast track tickets for Madamme Tussad's and the London eye, which were even cheaper than buying full price tickets at the door not to mention the loooooong que's we would have had to stand in, thanks for that guys.Our room was very clean and big, from looking at the hotel from outside I thought our room would have been much smaller and from the negative reviews we were not expecting what we got, check the photo's I uploaded. We were told that we had the largest faily room in the hotel which is designed to accomodate 5 Guests, it had two comfortable double beds and a sofa-bed, which was more than adequate for our family. TV was small and only had basic channels, 1 to 5 but that did not bother us, the room also had a trouser press, tea and coffee making facilities with free top up's which was nice plus the bathroom had very modern fixtures and fittings, it had a bathtub which was quite surprising and a shower too and a hair dryer for the missus. Our room also had a balcony which we could use but it was rather cold outside, so we did not make any use of it, if it was sunny I'm sure my wife would have done some sun-worshipping and burnt herself to a crisp, I dunno how she manages to burn herself in this country, we hardly have a summer here but when we do, there's no getting her away from that sunbed in the garden.Breakfast was healthy and good, various sweet pastries which the kids loved plus loadsa fresh fruit and variety of cornflakes which kept the missus happy, the chambermaids and kitchen staff were very helpfull and kind, the kids had fun with them too.The overall price we paid was quite reasonable for our location, amenities and service, sure beats staying in a expensive 5 star hotel in the west end, this place was much better and the personal service and attention to little details make's staying at these kind of places that little bit extra special because you feel like they know you and try and give you that little bit more.Me and my family had a great time in London and at this Hotel and I would reccommend it to anyone from youngsters to the aged.I must say that we did have a look at some of the other rooms when the chambermaids were cleaning them and some were quite small but enough room for a couple.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great location for the price	We also found the London cabbies had trouble finding the apartments, but that was the only downer. Our unit was spacious, clean and comfortable and well equipped. The bathrooms were a little 'tired' but not enought to worry about. Short walk to buses going to Trafalgar Street station, or a walk across the Tower Bridge to a tube, but in an really quiet street. Close to a range of restaurants. We walked to the Globe and the Eye. Will be going back!	
Jul 31 2009 	OK for 1 night	Our family of 4 stayed at the Astoria for 1 night on July 16th. The reception was very polite and there were no problems with the reservation. We had booked a room for 4 and that is just what we got. The check-in is at 11:00 and we showed up about 12:30 and the room was not ready. We just left our bags and came back 1/2 hour later and it was ready. Going into this hotel we expected very little for the price and that is what we got but the room was clean and the shower worked great. Make sure you pack shampoo because they only supply a small bar of soap. The breakfast was served next door in the basement of the Belmont and it was suprisingly good. It would have cost our family of 4 close to 25 pounds to eat out but this was included in the 95 pound rate we booked through EasyToBook.com. The checkout was at 11:00 a.m. also but the reception allowed us to leave our bags so we could spend the day in London w/o lugging them around. The location is only about 3 blocks from Paddington train staion and tube which is great. There are plenty of places to eat w/in waking distance and the Cad bar just around the corner has probably the least expensive drinks in London. I would sugest that if you stay more than 1 night to find something better but for 1 night it works fine.	
Nov 14 2009 	The worst 4 star hotel we have ever stayed in...bad bad bad....	We have tried / tested this hotel twice...giving it a second chance....the first stay was bad, the second stay was a catastrophy in terms of the quality of the room (the double bed barely fitted the size of the room), elevator broken, no water in the room ( pipe problem ) thin walls ( tv sound from the other rooms, spitting sounds and various toilet sounds, etc...) We have tried 5 rooms in this hotel, all have various, most unpleasant problems. The hotel was very cheaply renovated ( street noise, water leakages, some rooms and corridors are overheated others freezing ) Whatever category you book ...the rooms are all the same. There is a difference in size of a few square feet...deluxe is definitely not deluxe. Rooms, bathrooms, bed covers and corridors are dirty. Staff is unfriendly, discourteous, not trained for the hospitality industry. Do not stay there...The management knows about the shortfalls...hence they try to attract the unaware traveller with what seems to be an attractive special offer. No refunds, not even excuses...Be warned...this is NOT A FOUR STAR HOTEL but a very poor quality 3 Star Hotel.	
Sep 10 2009 	Worse Hotel On The Planet! You Have Been Warned Now! Rat Infested Mess!	Every single hotel in Earls court was booked out and this hotel suprisingly only had 2 guests irrespective of its size.... guests arguing with the rude staff, disgucting conditons that you wouldnt put a RAT in. The hotel website is from another world - (dont fall into the mistake thinking that its anything like the website!!!) The hotel managed by a very rude asian lady who yells at her staff and guests.The rooms are FILTHY!! Disgusting, Smelling of Urine. Bedbugs are everywhere as you will see the red spots of blood on the mattresses,,, Rat of Mouse droppings in the corner of the room! Im not kidding....................... DO NOT GO THERE EVEN IF YOU ARE HOMELESS, THERE IS A McDONALDS FOOD RESTUARANT AROUND THE CORNER WHICH HAS A MUCH CLEANER ENTRANCE THAT YOU CAN SLEEP!Whoever is writing 5 Star reviews in this (ITS OBVIOUS IT MUST BE THE HOTEL ITSELF!!!) NO NORMAL PERSON WOULD EVER GIVE THIS A REVIEW, ITS DISGUSTING!DISGUSTING, DISGUSTING!!!YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Perfect for Wembley Trip	Stayed here over night for Tom jones concert.Go to Concerts quite often in london and have to say this was the easiest trip (from brighton to london hotel by train and hotel to wembley i have ever had)Payed only 6.00 to get to wembley by taxi which the hotel rang and organized for us!As its a Fullers pub there was a great selection of drinks available so had a few before we left and even a few after returning from wembley.Hotel was very clean and well presented,staff superb,kettle,tea,coffee,hot chocolate in room,trouser press even,bed very comfortable not a single thing i could fault.Partner even said it was as good as the hilton which we stay at when we go to the o2 concerts! We will definately be staying here again	
Nov 22 2009 	convenient	The location is excellent convenient for business and shopping, in an elegant part of the center. The hotel is old, but the rooms are quite large with splendid view over the skyline of the city. Although the wear of time is obvious, it is clean, decent and with good management.	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent restaurant and a great wedding location	We stayed in this hotel for the last day of July and first 2 days of August. I found the staff polite and efficient, and the restaurant staff were particularly charming. The service is what I would describe as European/British, in that they don't beam at you like they're your new best friend, but we didn't mind; the American type strikes us as fake. Guests used to Californian beaming may need to factor that in. It's a cultural difference.The food was beautiful. I would particularly recommend the telapia, a fish I'd never had before. It was advertised as spicy, but came covered in a creamy sauce, which wasn't listed on the menu. They were very quick to produce another one for me, as I am allergic to dairy products. When I pointed out that it would be a good idea to list the presence of a creamy sauce, the waiter completely agreed with me.Our room was European sized; that is, perfectly adequate to stay in, not supersized to walk around in. A room is for sleeping in, not hanging out in.Yes, toiletries are basic, but as long as you bring conditioner, you can use it as hair conditioner and body lotion, and even shaving lotion. (Top tip!).The manager was firm but fair about moving us to the residents' bar at 1 am, and he did the same the second night for a different wedding party. We were in room 406 and couldn't hear anything after 1 am. I would suggest asking for a quiet room if you are a light sleeper.It seems to be popular with wedding parties, so if an early night is important to you, it's perhaps advisable to check in advance if there is a wedding on that week.The beds are not very wide, but we had a duvet, not blankets, and they were comfortable. I imagine the rooms might be uncomfortable in a heatwave, but they were fine at 25 degrees celsius.The gardens are absolutely beautiful and it was a lovely location for a wedding. We milled around outside before going in to dinner, which was very relaxing.I did find the air conditioning in the restaurant excessively cold, but Americans might like it, as I think they are more used to it. The one tiny quibble I had was that when I found a hair in my glass of water, the waitress who took it away merely said 'oh', rather than 'I'm sorry, I'll replace it right away'. She did replace it; she just didn't seem to think it was a big deal. (In fairness, she was very young).The 208 bus route opposite Bromley south rail station has a stop at the end of the hotel drive and it's even announced. If you had lots of bags you might find the drive steep, but you couldn't miss it.I had a lovely weekend there, and would recommend it, particularly for the food.	
	Good all round was pleasantly surprised!	We enjoyed our stay here. The staff were very pleasant and friendly. The room was clean and better equipped than we were expecting, although it would have been hot in summer as the ventilation system does not really work. It is true that the window did not close properly, resulting in strange wind moanings! The Cafe Rouge was really good, excellent choice of food, good service and prices not too high. It had a really good atmosphere. Breakfast is not very good value however, and no refills for drinks were offered. The situation is excellent, and we recommend the Thames Clipper service into central London.	
Sep 11 2009 	Booked this hotel but got moved to another	I had booked a room but when I arrived to check in I was told there was no room available and I had to be transferred to another hotel in Bayswater. The staff were extremely unhelpful and quite rude. The hotel I was transferred to (Kensington Town House) was lousy. I will never book a Best Western hotel again if this is how they treat their customers, especially a lone female.	
Nov 17 2009 	amazing value with a great location	I stayed at the albion house hotel for a weekend with four friends, our room was a good size which slept all of us. I have to say I have stayed in many hotels in London for various occasions and this hotel was really good. The staff are friendly and the rooms are very clean and comfortable. I would reccomend it and use the albion when I next visit London.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great service	I think this Hotel is very good but not luxury though. Clean and the staff is friendly and welcoming.The service was very good I can take two examples from that, on my first night I spilled water all over the floor by accident and a staff member came up and clean it up with a smile on his face.My flight was delayed for 6 hours and that meant I was leaving at 6 AM rather than midnight, and the staff let me stay in a hotel room there for four hours free of charge...:)	
Oct 4 2009 	Location location location	We found the Clearlake to be a good budget hotel. Its true that it is shabby but we found it to be fairly clean and you couldn't ask for a better location. We have been to London many times and we had always stayed on the other side of Hyde Park so we were pleasantly surprised by the easy access to shops, transport and museums etc. We didn't mind the fact that there was no breakfast because there were cooking facilities in our little apartment so we could make tea and coffee etc. Although there was not much in the way of cook wear or crockery. We paid 70 pounds per night for a studio apartment which we felt was very reasonable. Its no Hilton that's for sure but we really only wanted somewhere reasonably priced and convenient and it was fairly clean. It was a bit 'Fawlty Towers'!	
Mar 1 2009 	Hit or Miss	A year ago we stayed in room 106 which was wonderful- especially the great cooked breakfast and freshly cooked croissants. However more recently we stayed in the hotel for a weekend and we did not enjoy the experience. Firstly we stayed in room 207 which was awful as there was a small gap between the single glazed window pane and frame meaning that noise from the busy road outside was not insulated, resulting in no sleep that night whatsoever. We asked to move rooms, but the one of the staff said she had to consult her manager first and let us know later in the day and we were made to felt like we were incoveniencing her. Also no apologies for our bad experience. We eventually got moved to room 203 which was slightly better as we were facing the street just off the main road, but it was still quite noisy. The breakfast was a bit disappointing, as we had to pay for cooked breakfast if we wanted it rather than it being included in the price. The continental was okay with cornflakes, toast, yoghurt, fruit and muffins but only croissants from a pack this time. It's a shame our first experience was so much better than our recent stay there. Despite this, it is good value (quote online price of 55) if you get a room that is not facing the main road as the hotel rooms are decorated in a modern fashion, has a comfortable bed, flatscreen TV and a nice bathroom.	
	Terrific Hotel-very pleased	I saw some of the reviews here and was somewhat afraid of what I would find, but what a nice hotel at a great value! Really a good neighborhood near the Kilburn Park tube stop and a short bus ride to central London on the 16 bus. Friendly staff, great breakfast, nice room, nice health club, what more could you want. Practical shopping district up from the hotel, with grocery store, Starbucks, pharmacy and restaurants. Eggy the concierge was very helpful. I would highly recommend this Marriott, and I travel alot and stay with the chain almost excusively.	
	Location is ok - but only just	Having been totally shocked by the hotel prices in central London, we came across the Bermondsey Square hotel in Superbreaks for a decent price. The hotel is very modern and stylish. The breakfast, which was included in our price was very good although the drinks in the bar were pricey, but you find that in most hotels. I must admit I had a preconception of what Bermondsey would be like but I was totally wrong and the area was trendy with cafes and shops.The only downside to this hotel is its location in respect to the tube stations, it was about a 10 minute walk which was fine for us as the weather was dry but I wouldnt have liked to walk it in the rain. It also meant that we stayed out for the whole day rather than returning to the hotel to get changed for the evening. However being on the Northern line meant it was handy for Kings Cross and as we were going to the O2, it was handy for the Jubilee line as well. Other reviews have commented that there are regular bus services but we arent familiar with bus routes in London so always use the tube. I would stay at this hotel again as for value for money, I dont think you can get much better.	
	Relaxed Luxury and Centrally Chic...	We have recently stayed at Durley House on a family holiday with my partner, Mother and Nephew. We are quite well traveled and opt for first class air travel, 5 star hotels and do enjoy luxury thus we can be quite fastidious with accommodation and are fairly picky. We decided that the city of London demanded a boutique hotel and found Durley House situated in the middle of London on Sloane Street which is in the most wonderful central and not to mention completely chic location. We arrived late but were offered a complimentary beverage and shown to our suites without delay. This is an all suite boutique hotel and my Mother and Nephew were given a 2 bedroom suite which was rather huge by London standards and fully equipped with floor to ceiling windows from the elegant drawing room looking over the park. With a full kitchen, bathroom and two bedroom they were quite impressed. Whilst my partner and I had a one bedroom luxury suite which was most spacious again with kitchen and drawing room that again enjoyed views of the park opposite. This hotel is defenitely not modern day hi tech or minimalist and is more old world glamor at it's very best abound in history and delight. The bathrooms are well equipped with over sized towels and zen bathroom products whilst some may say they are dated I disagree and imagine that these are just how the bathrooms would be at Buckingham Palace, classically styled and fully functional with strong powerful showers which are great after a busy day in London. The Drawing room in our suite was ideal and the 4 of us had breakfast on our first morning delivered by the staff via a dumb waiter elevator in our suite, served on crisp white linen and consisting of pastries, toasts, selections of cheeses and meats, cappuccinos, orange juice, eggs Benedict and the most delicious pancakes! The internet worked well and was very fast as well as a selection of papers were provided each morning along with a full supply of current fashion, home and business magazines for you to read in the suite. The hotel foyer is small as one would expect but also has a very grand and comfortable reading library located to the right. Whilst Durley House may not be suited to everyone who may want modern technology and minimalist style this all suite hotel supplied us with the perfect home away from home whilst in London. We were most comfortable with more space than we required and completely central surrounded by style, shopping and sight seeing. The Hotel concierge even managed to book us a table for dinner at The Ivy with very short notice. We shall be using this hotel again when returning to London without a doubt as the space and comfort was such an indulgence for central London and at very good value!	
Nov 26 2009 	Brilliant Value for Money	Great location on the edge of Hyde Park. Due to the reasonable cost we did not expect the standard to be as high. Rooms were clean, breakfast was more than adequate, and the reception staff were really helpful. Would definitely book here again.	
Aug 12 2009 	Disgusting and filthy watch out for bed bugs!	We had the misfortune to stay at this B&amp;B for 1 night costing us 100 for 1 family room, we had booked this due to its location to tube station, the website pictures bear very little resembelence to the room we had.The following were the main problems with the room:Damp and numerous brown patches on walls, celings.Mould growth on walls and ceilings in room and bathroom.Foul and repulsive smell mainly from bathroom.Cracked tiles with further mould growth in numerous areas in bathroom. strange stains on carpet.pubic hair and fluff/dirt all over duvet cover as well as a disgusting smell from bed clothes.mattress springs digging into back , mattress being worn.beautiful view into garden which had broken fence looked a rubbish tip.We had 3 children with us and they could not sleep due to the smell from covers and bed , explained to the manager and took them about 30 mins to give us 3 new bed covers ,but once we had stripped the smelly covers off- the hair and dirt were visible and we knew where the foul stench was coming from. We were asked to pay before we saw the room!!!!!! If we had seen it would have checked into the local holiday inn/days inn - which would have worked out cheaper. Also difficlut to sleep that night due to presence of bed bugs. I also invested in a bottle of anti-bac spray which i dont think helped very much due to the numerous issues with this dump.So for your own health and safety it probably is wise to book elsewhere.	
Aug 15 2008 	Perfectly "English" Hotel	We arrived at Heathrow from New York on August 8, 2008 at 8,30am We had arranged for a car from the hotel to pick us up;the driver was there when we came through customs...he was very kind and helped us load our 6 pices of luggage into the vanWhen we arrived the staff was very very kind...they allowed us to have breakfast even though it was past the 10,30 am deadlineThe hotel is very very clean, beds are comfortable , and the decoration &amp; furniture are very&quot; English&quot;!The common room downstairs seems like the living room of your own house...very cosy...we even entertained some friends before dinner, having drinks brought in from the bar.Rooms are average sized..my husband and I had a room with queen bed, the bathroom was too small but very nice, green marble, lots of mirrorsMy sons had a suite, w/2 rooms, a huge bathroom and a kitchenette that included refrigerator, microwave, dishes ,etc for four...so if necessary one can cook one's meals! We never got to that since we stayed only 2 nights...but it can be interesting for longer stays. Frigobars are loaded with all sorts of drinks, spirits and candy/cookies.As I said, staff is very friendly and willing to advise on any subject...we had them book our restaurants every day,and they even advised us which ones to go to...both times they made very good choices.I would ABSOLUTELY go back to the Parkes if I returned to London. Prices are on the low side (compared to other 4 star hotels).	
Aug 14 2007 	Good for a short stay in Central London	I've stayed at the Queensgate on several occasions when visiting London on business, and I've not had any major complaints. I usually book the hotel through a 3rd party website, and the room rate tends to be around 100/night, which is relatively cheap for London. My one gripe with this hotel is that it has a tiny check-in area, and whenever I arrive to check-in there's usually someone already being attended to, who takes forever and a day to be dealt with. I think the one person who works in reception is also working in the bar, which is just next to the reception booth.Rooms in the hotel are a reasonable size and have a large, comfortable bed with a small TV, seating area (on one occasion my seat had some sort of sauce all over it!) and a bathroom. It's worth noting that the shampoo etc supplied by the hotel was usually of a very high quality - Molten Brown and the likes. Getting from reception to the rooms could be a bit of an adventure, as the hotel is a converted townhouse with seemingly random placement of the staircases. While the main staircase from the reception area is large and wide, the one going to the upper floors was fairly small and narrow, and I wouldn't recommend it for older people or those who are unsteady on their feet. There is a lift, but from memory it doesn't go all the way to the top floor. Breakfast was served in their well decorated restaurant area, and I always left with a full stomach. Attraction wise the hotel is next to the Natural History Museum, but more importantly it's about 5-10mins walk to the nearest tube station, which will connect you to wherever you need to go in Greater London.In summary the Queensgate is a comfortable hotel in a good location, and I'd recommend it for youngish guests who are staying for a few nights in London.	
Nov 1 2009 	Disappointed	I have just returned from a two night stay at the Abbey Court hotel, and feel a bit disappointed. We booked a triple room for me, my wife and 14 year old daughter. We stayed in room 10.The good points are that the room was clean and comfortable room, a safe area of London and friendly staff at a convenient location for the tube station, a 3 minute walk away.The bad points are that the room was really outdated and whilst the bedroom part of the room was large enough for the three of us, and was clean enough with comfortable beds, the bathroom wasn't!!! Not enough room to swing a cat!!!! No bath, just a shower with a shower curtain. The cubicle was clean enough, but a bit on the small side, bend down and you'll hit your head/ backside on the wall!!! ( No, I'm neither tall nor fat - if you either/both you'll hate it!!!!The shower fittings were good though. If you were , erm, sat on &quot;The Thrown&quot;, your right knee hit the handbasin pedastool!!!Breakfast was a bit of a joke. We got there at 8.30 the first morning and had to queue for 10 mins on the staircase leading down to the restaurant. Then when we got there were completely underwhelmed with the fayre on offer. Two types of cereal. &quot;Tinned&quot; fruit cocktail, Baked Beans, Scrambled Eggs and Sausages. That's it. Three hot things to put on your plate!!! Not a rasher of bacon, tomatoes, mushrooms, hash browns or anything else - just beans, scrammbled eggs and &quot;plastic&quot; sausages. There were plastic &quot;beakers&quot; for fruit juice, and tea/coffee. Nothing wrong with any of it - just a complete lack of choice.Ok, it was cheap. We paid 215 for two nights with breakfast included. I suppose that I shouldn't grumble too much, and I won't, but a nicer bathroom, and a bit more choice for breakfast would have me recommending it heartily, but I can't do that. Would I stay again? Possibly, if I was looking for cheap and comfortable with no frills, but not if the stay was for a special treat.	
Nov 13 2009 	Reasonable hotel in good location	I have stayed at the Premier Inn for four nights out of five for the last five months.The rooms are very much a standard and are always clean and well maintained. There are varieties though - some rooms have two chairs, some a sofa bed. Some have a coffee table, some do not. Some have a larger gap under the door than others. The rooms at the end of the corridor by the emergency staircase are huge, could accommodate a rave yet still have a tiny TV! I have stayed on five of the six floors, front and back. Whilst some rooms are a little noisy on the front, in the main the hotel is quiet throughout. The rooms all have space for clothes, tea and coffee and a hairdryer. In my experience problems in the room are fixed quickly and the reception staff are very helpful.There is a wealth of tourist information and details about public transport provided.Issues raised by others concerning telephone costs, snack machines etc. etc. are a little unfair. 1. this is London, and 2. a lot of hotels overcharge with these!Breakfast is 7.50 and not particularly good value. The staff are generally very friendly but the quality of the hot food makes me feel that it was bought on the cheap. These days I generally avoid the full english in favour of the SMALL croissants. In busy periods you may have to eat in the bar and queues do form. It's hardly the fault of the hotel if everyone arrives at the same time.I've not had dinner there but I've seen some dis-satisfied people coming out of the restaurant.The location of the hotel to my mind is very good. You are five minutes away from Tower Bridge and Tooley Street with a good array of restaurants, the Thames Path and pubs. London Bridge tube is 10 minutes and Tower Hill tube is approximately 15 minutes. Buses go from outside the hotel to Waterloo.	
Nov 16 2009 	Damp Mildew Freezing	I was given a bedroom in the basement of the 'annex' . The en-suite was full of black mildew- the whole ceiling covered in it and part of the walls. The shower-head was covered in black mildew gunge, as where the bottom edges of the shower cubicle. The mildew continued into the bedroom, which smelt damp and musty. The bedroom window opened out wide, but would not close completely, leaving the room vulnerable to burglary and leaving it freezing. I was also scared, as I was a lone female guest. I asked for the window to be made safe but despite a promise this was not attended to. I tried to tuck the curtain in to cover the open gaps but to no avail. The bed had only a sheet and one blanket. There was a radiator, which did not work, so I spent the night fully dressed and with my coat on, trying to sleep- which was near impossible. I was freezing. I left as soon as possible, not even staying for breakfast, as god only knows what the kitchen must be like! I complained to the Receptionist who was less than helpful, only saying he would check out my complaints.DON'T BOOK THIS HOTEL!!	
Nov 24 2009 	Avoid at all costs!	My friend and I stayed there, though were immediately disappointed. Extremely rude and unhelpful staff upon arrival. Our bedroom was in the basement next to the breakfast room and our beds held up by paint pots. The mouldy shower, aka small cupboard was disgraceful. A great location though it really is worth spending an extra 30 and going somewhere else, couldn't wait to leave!	
	The Leopard Bar at the Rubens Hotel is an absolute find; best spot for a glass of champagne in London	My husband and I were in London over the Thanksgiving week this year and tried the Rubens Hotel. Hotel was gracious, warm and very comfortable. Room was quite spacious by London standards. Do ask for the turn down service. Chocolates are yummy. Our favorte part of our stay was meeting Said Mahri, manager of the Leopard Bar inside the hotel. It is a luxurious room with wood panelling. Very romantic and chic. Said is a charming and gracious host, very knowledgeable about the London retaurant and bar scene.	
Nov 23 2009 	Small but cozy	I'd recommend this hotel if you want something conveniently priced and located. I went there based on the reviews of this site, so I felt confident that I was getting a good deal. I was right.The rooms are cozy and modern. It being London for about 100 quid a night (or less), this fits the bill well. The rooms don't leave much for walking around in. And, I wouldn't want to use the toilet if I were over 6'3&quot; or 225 pounds. But, for us average-sized people, it's a cozy place to hang out and hang your head. It's probably most appropriate as a nice base for going out on the town and needing a comfy bed and modern amenities. Although, my girlfriend did not like their shampoo and the bathroom soap can dry your face. Not to worry though b/c there's a Tesco's across the street. Their restaurant, Rafkins, have good service, although it took 15 minutes to get my breakfast sandwich out of the kitchen.You may need to order some food b/c the continental breakfast is on the light side. And their coffee is paper thin, but hey Starbux is across the street, too.It's a good corner of London to spread some money around for comforts as you do it up in town!	
Nov 22 2009 	Nice place but get to breakfast early cause NOT enough tables!	- trendy hotel.- vibrant location.- close to tube, good transport links.- 'continental' breakfast - un-fulfilling as usual.Not enough tables meant sitting at a desk on the side, which was awkward and annoying. No one seemed to be tidying tables either, which made the problem worse.- AirCon wasn't very effective.	
	Top Hotel in a Top Location!	My mother and I stayed here over a weekend, after getting a great deal through Lastminute.com. It's a fantastic hotel (the atrium area in particular is quite stunning), with wonderfully attentive staff, comfortable bedrooms and is literally a stone's throw away from St Paul's. Our room even had a view of St. Paul's, although I suspect most don't. Some small niggles were the smell of paint that permeated parts of the hotel and that the bathroom only had a deluge-type shower head, so my hair got wet every time I showered. The price for breakfast would have been extortionate (23pp!) had we not discovered a lovely Cafe Rouge just up the road that provided us with more reasonable options AND with a better view.But those are just niggled - on the whole, a thoroughly enjoyable experience. The service was impeccable and very friendly, from the porter to reception to the concierge and the chamber maids. The room was pleasant, with a well stocked mini bar, tea making facilities, very comfortable beds and black out blinds. Bedrooms are divided across two buildings, and while I couldn't comment on rooms in the main complex, our rooms was far enough away from the hotel bar and general bustle for there not to be any noise issues. And you really couldn't ask for a better location - St. Paul's and the Tate Modern are right on the doorstep and there are good food options nearby if you don't want to pay hotel prices.	
Nov 19 2009 	You get what you pay for	I booked a night to stay in the Kensington Suite Hotel without reading any of the reviews on this site. I book last minute off a cheap restaraunt as I was staying in London for a night as working early the next day.It was one of the cheapest places I found with my partner and all we really needed was a room in London. Thats what we got.The location is definitely the best part of the hotel as its a very short walk to the shopping centre with loads of restaurants. The hotel certainly didn't live up to the pictures on it's website but then for the price we paid we were happy whith what we got. A small, but clean room, clean bathroom and a quick checkin. The guy was friendly enough and chatted about football as we checked in.We didnt have time to go to breakfast as we left early but overall the hotel was fine for a stopover.	
Nov 18 2009 	Stay if you have to	Well we only stayed for one night and I thank my lucky stars that's all it was. I would not recommend staying for any longer. Its possible we stayed in the 'bad' wing of the hotel as there is two buildings opposite each other. So the few positives are that the room was pretty clean i.e no cockroaches or mould and it is easily accessible by public transport into &amp; from central london. But the room itself was not very good but I guess you get what you pay for - 37 for a standard double ensuite with continental breakfast (lol) booked via laterooms.com. Firstly, the window to our room was nailed shut and as the whole floor was extremely hot it felt like hell! The only compensation we had was a fan which didn't really cool us down. The pillows were paper thin and rock hard and we had to share two between us on a double bed. We asked for more but they said there weren't any so we woke the next day with bad back and neck pain. It was so bad I woke up really early so I didn't have to sleep on it anymore! The hot water was turned off in the evening so ended up having a cold shower. The staff were quite unhelpful and when we asked for some cutlery, it turned into a debate on why we should be allowed to have a spoon! There were no towels in the room so you have to go and ask for some and a tv remote. The tv just had the basic 5 channels. It advertises wifi but you need to be in certain areas of the hotel to get a decent signal. The area is not very nice at night - so would not recommend for solo female travellers. There are late night newsagents and chip shops if you get hungry. Also the breakfast is a joke. There are plenty of cafes around the hotel which do a much better breakfast much cheaper. Included in the price is juice, toast and cereal. For a proper english breakfast it costs 10 extra.	
Nov 8 2009 	good value and location	We arrived in London at Victoria coach station and the hotel was about a 10 minute walk away. The location for us was perfect within walking distance to Victoria bus and train stations a springboard to the rest of London. For those who don't like walking there is a no. 24 bus which stops right outside of the hotel and then takes you to the station. The foyer was having a make over as we arrived, nice marble tiles they are obviously making an effort to make the initial appearance more attractive. We had room 202 which was a good size, the bed was comfortable and clean as was the rest of the room. The bathroom was a plastic purpose built module slotted into the room, okay it was small but it was clean and served the purpose. Breakfast was a basic affair but the food was well cooked and filling, buffet style cooked breakfast with toast and cereal, the waiting staff were friendly and helpful. Overall I think you have to keep in mind the price paid, we paid 65, for a clean and comfortable stay in a hotel at the centre of London which we thought was very good value for money. If you want something more luxurious then I guess the hotels are out there you just have to pay more.	
Nov 24 2009 	the worst hotel ever	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights, it was really the worst hotel Ive ever stayed at. I changed my room 3 times, the first two rooms smelled like cigarettes(Im not a smoker). When I came in, my first room smelled so badly, that I changed it. When I complained at reception, they gave me another room, but the receptionist probably told the housekeeper to spray my room with air freshner, so when I came in, it wasnt that bad. Then I left to the city, but after coming back... the smell again :( The hotel was fully booked (it was the time when there was the World Travel Market) so I had to sleep in that room for 2 nights. All my clothes were smelling like I was in a pub. The breakfast there - just some muffins, butter, cornflakes. No free internet !!! For that price that we paid in that period (555 LBS) for 3 nights, you had to prepay 30 min. for 10 LBS.I would never recommend this to any of my friends...And I hope Im never gonna have to stay in such hotel :(	
Nov 17 2009 	A peaceful location yet very convenient for rail travellers	Since I discovered this attractive Georgian crescent just a stone's throw from St Pancras and Kings Cross, I have stayed in three of the hotels situated there. The Euro is the dearest one I have stayed in, but definitely superior to the others as regards the room. As single rooms go, it was reasonably large, and actually had a desk where one could sit and write, which is something that is all too rare. The only disappointments were the breakfast, with flavourless coffee and unpleasant toast, the small size of the 'bath' towel, and the fact that they expected me to pay on arrival, something which seems particularly unnecessary when you have provided your bank card details in advance.	
Nov 22 2009 	close this place down...it defies the "Trade Descriptions Act"	Dirty, smelly, unhygenic, broken, unsafe....the worst place I have had the misfortune to stay in. Do not stay at this hotel(?). The list of things that are wrong would go on and on and on...its only redeeming feature is its location, and proximity to Hamstead Heath.It would be better to book into Travel Lodge or Premier Inn style Hotel....possibly a little more expensive but you would at least feel that you had value for money and peace of mind.Suggest anyone who has stayed here contacts the Trading Standards Officer at Barnet council, also the Public Health Officer at the same Council	
Nov 21 2009 	Perfectly comfortable safe nights sleep	Does what it says on the tin.Higher quality than other travelodges.Clean and well maintained	
Nov 25 2009 	AMAZING STAY!	Ugh, I hate that there are negative reviews about this hotel! My partner and I stayed here during our trip around the world and were blown away by the customer service we received. When we arrived we used the SPG desk and David McNamara went above and beyond in welcoming us to the property, gave us our SPG upgrade, allowed us to leave our bags with him so that we could immediately jump into the city. He offered great advice on where to start and asked if we needed reservations/car/etc. When we returned to our room, we were pleasantly surprised with how lovely and large it was. It was decorated similar to other (nicer) SPG properties, had a fantastic view of Piccadilly, and was spacious, clean, modern. David also sent up a bottle of wine and some sweets for us! Customer service during our stay went above and beyond, including very helpful doormen always willing to provide suggestions on restaurants and transportation. We will certainly make Le Meridien our home when in London, no doubt. As an aside, internet (of course) is very pricey.	
Apr 19 2009 	good service and breakfast clean room though a little small	I was very pleased with my stay here and am horrified to read the other reviews. It doesnt sound like the same place at all. The date of my stay and the other reviews show that I got the benefit of the refurbishment that one of the reviews mentions. My room was clean (not sparkling, but ok) but a bit on the small side. However, it was ok for my needs. The hotel generally looked a little worn but not shabby. I suppose they must have spruced it up. The furniture in the room was a bit cheap and could do with some more updating, but this is a very minor point. Also, there was heating and it was very efficient. In fact I had to get them to turn it off, it was so hot. So that looks like its another problem fixed.I was very pleased with the service. The staff were very helpful and polite and even managed to get me a downstairs room when initially none were available. This was handy for me because my leg was in a cast at the time. Breakfast was quite good and when there was a small problem with an undercooked sausage they replaced it right away with no arguments. I'm sure there are problem in the best of places so the acid test as far as I am concerned is how the staff deal with any issues. I was very pleased.The internet access was a breeze to set up, worked straight away and was very fast. And it's free.From my experience I have to conclude that all the problems mentioned in the other reviews must have been fixed now. It was not a brilliant stay but I was happy and it is at the cheap end of the market. I am pleased with the level of service too, so if I get stranded in Ealing again and need to be in the office the next day I would stay there again.	
	Great hotel near everything!	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington during our stay in London last week. What a fabulous hotel! We were given a corner room which was larger than most and the room was clean and comfortable. The nearest tube is Shepherd's Bush which was walking distance from the hotel. The Westfield Mall nearby is a shopper's heaven! They have high end and regular stores and tons of places to eat. My husband and I ate at Byron which serves burgers. The food and service was great. A little pricey but everything in London is pricey! I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone who is traveling to London for the first time. Easy access to tube and buses, taxis everywhere and very safe neighborhood! One negative thing is the inter	
Nov 20 2009 	Not Bad but quite expensive	The Location of this hotel is excellent &amp; I found it to be more than adequate for my 1 night central London stay. The west-end is a comfortable 5-10 minute walk.Ok IT IS expensive, there is no doubt about that &amp; the rooms are quite small But then I guess thats what you get for this kind of excellent location...(Breakfast was quoted as being 17.50!!!!!!) - I declinedThat said, my room was clean &amp; comfortable whilst I found the staff to be friendly &amp; helpful throughout. The hotel has a nice cosy bar area.I've stayed in worse.	
Nov 24 2009 	Wasnt the worst place ever stayed!	Stayed in this hotel this weekend and although not the worst i have ever stayed in certainly was nowhere the best considering it was sold as a 4* hotel, if the assessor was blind... The room was ok, paint fumes were strong causing windows in the hallway to remain open. shower curtain didnt touch bottom and shower was so powerful that it pinned us to the wall in the tiny shower cubicle. But very central location, breakfast was ok but was so busy that you waited for cutlery, tea and toast. If i was going for just a base to visit london wasnt too bad that would stay again	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Hotel	The entire experience was perfect. From the size and cleanliness of the room to the restaurant where we ate breakfast every morning to its great proximity to the underground subway and other sights! The hotel staff and personnel were always helpful and willing to do what we needed. I'm telling this hotel was beautiful and comfortable! 	
Oct 31 2009 	Very good. I recommend.	Nice hotel. Very kind and helping staff. Clean and cozy rooms. Very quiet. Will return. good access to transports.	
	Believe the reviews we didn't	This hotel leaves a lot to be desired. There is a reason this place is so cheap! The rooms are nothing like what are advertised. Normally when you stay in a hote, you have complimentry shower gel/shampoo that kind of thing but not here - there was nothing. The toilet was situated so close to a wall, you had to sit at an angle. What I will say is the bed was comfortable and the TV was alright but thats about it. Breakfast was shocking - you had tea and coffee from urns, two toast machines which on the first morning, only one was working. They only offered white bread, coco pops (or something simular) and cornflakes - nothing really continental about it. I would seriously suggest re booking if you have the chance, I would definitely do so if I could!!!!!	
Oct 6 2009 	Best value in London	I stayed for 4 nights, 2 with my mother &amp; 2 with a friend in a twin ensuite room. The room was huge with 2 single beds, wardrobes &amp; desks &amp; very clean. The bathroom was a capsule style &amp; really really small (but bearable for a short time). The location is unbeatable, within walking distance to loads of attractions; it also has 3 or 4 underground stations within a few minutes walk. There was a lot of traffic noise through the night, but very little street noise (e.g. no people shouting etc), so I was able to sleep through it. The room also had access to a full-sized shared kitchen, we didn't use this but it's great to know that the option was there. There is also Internet in the lobby, which is really convenient; but it was a little pricy (try some of the nearby Internet cafes set up for tourists if you are on a budget). The staff weren't very helpful, but also weren't rude. This has to be the best value accommodation I have seen in London for the location, size &amp; quality of the room.	
	Amazing - just go there!!	Look at their website. If it just looks too odd - don't go. If, like me, you think it looks amazing then re-mortgage the house, sell the family silver - whatever it takes - just visit!!I think all the bad reviews on here are from people who just don't get it?Took my Partner overnight for her birthday. The hotel is stunning. A wonderfully eclectic mix of styles. Gold teeth and gnome seats next to a giant chess set in the foyer - need I say more!! Staff are wonderful and made the day absolutely perfect. Booked the 'romatic package' and our room looked amazing on arrival with champagne and rose petals.Didn't eat dinner at the hotel but had cocktails in Asia de Cuba at midnight when it was packed but still they found us a table for 5 in 3 minutes somehow. A fabulous vibe and really relaxed atmosphere for somewhere so busy.Thank you to all the staff for making our day so special.	
Nov 18 2009 	Nice price nice location and great service	6 danish women went for 4 days of shopping i London and stayed at the Castleton hotel. It was an incredible nice stay. The rooms were perfekt, nice and clean - and the staff was so friendly and helpful. The costs were low. We definently consider comming back. The breakfast was typical english.	
	Find another hotel	My friend and I were given a room that was old fashioned and awful it had a view of a flat roof and equipment which kept us awake all night. The bathroom was tiny and needed a revamp the fittings were covered in limescale and the door was peeling from the bottom upwards; obvious water damage. After viewing the room we went to reception and asked politely if we could have a different room, we were told, no they were full. We thought we could make the best of it! While dressing for an evening at a black tie event I stood infront of the full length mirror, my bare foot was on wet carpet, hopefully only a leaking radiator and nothing more suspicious! The tv was pure joy, not, even the remote control was held together, and the batteries in it, by cellotape! A sleepless night was spent in a hot room with scratchy bedding to be greeted the next morning by a cold full english breakfast, my friend demonstrated to the waitress her sausages were cold and un -cutable by bashing one against the side of her plate, luckily the cold plate did not break. The waitress said nothing! As we had already paid in advance when we made our comments to the receptionist she told us to write a letter with no offer of compensation. This I did and a month later (not holding my breath) a reply is so far no where to be seen. If you want to experience all things in life do try this hotel if just for the joke factor, but if you want somewhere even just ok I would not bother	
Sep 1 2009 	Better than expected	From reading previous reviews we were in 2 minds about booking this hotel, however we were very pleased that we chose to do so! We arrived earlier than the specified check-in time but received a warm welcome and were able to check in early. The overall presentation of the hotel is excellent, somewhat dated in certain areas but to be expected in such a historic building. The room was a good size, well presented and very clean. The service we received from the staff was excellent and the breakfast was well worth the money. The only draw back with this hotel is its distance from the tube station and from the centre of London. The website states that it is a 10-15 minute walk to the nearest tube but it is far more than that through an area that isn't particularly nice. We chose to drive to the station and leave our car in one of the many side streets (no fee or permits required on a weekend or bank holiday). Its then 11 stops to Leicester Square so a bit of a trek into the centre of the city. That being said, we believe that the quality of the hotel was worth it and would definitely stay at this hotel again and have no hesitation in recommending it.	
	Oasis in the heart of the City	We were a bit worried about the comments on the site that the hotel was still a 'building site' but these were completely dispelled when we arrived. The hotel was faultless from when we checked in to the moment we checked out.We stayed for the weekend and yes the area is quiet in the evening but after staying in other parts of the Capital, this is a BIG plus. The hotel is only 2 minutes walk from Bank or Moorgate tube station so its easy to get into the west end for food and drink. The rooms are spacious and bathroom is huge with a fantastic shower. The Bose sound system for the iphone/ipod was a great touch.Interiors are very luxurious and we felt properly pampered. Staff were quick, efficient and friendly and gave us some really good advice on places to go, how to get there etc.Definitely come back again.	
Nov 21 2009 	Ideal for a short stay	First let me say... if your looking for space and luxury you may want to look elsewhere. If you're looking for a place to put your head down for the night or between sites, this is the spot. Pros:You're a 2-minute walk from a main tube station (Paddington) and 3-minute walk to the train station... which also includes the direct shuttle to/from the airport (Heathrow Express). That shuttle runs every 20min and costs ~16lbs as of Oct 09. I emphasize this because of the headache I suffered on past trips trying to save a few pennies. Pay the extra funds and your to/from in 20min hassle free. Enough about that...I didn't do too much in/around the hotel but the few times I did have any questions (food/sites/discounts), the gentlemen at the front desk were very happy to provide helpful tips and/or hunch over the computer to assist. Very friendly chaps (I'm not British but simply like that word).Breakfast had a limited selection but it included eggs... nuff said. Good enough for a short stay.Cons: Room size (to include bathroom). If your wingspan is &gt;= a hummingbird, you'll get cabin fever. Good incentive to get out rain or shine.All-in-all I would recommend for a short stay where you don't plan on staying indoors much.	
Sep 28 2009 	Regular Guests at this top value accommodation!	I'm writing this review on behalf of my parents as they are regular guests of the Franciscan Road properties of FlexiStay. The rooms are very clen and comfortable and the staff who manage the properties are excellent and only too happy to help with any additional needs you may have. There is a good stock of breakfast in the communal kitchens as well as a lovely dining area. The location is ideal for my parents' needs but would be the case for most as the apartments are about 5mins away from Tooting Broadway tube station which takes about 20-25mins into Central London on the Northern Line. Definitely a home away from home and highly recommended!	
	A Health Hazard - I would not stay here if paid to do so!	We booked this hotel months ago for a pre-chirsitmas shopping trip in london. On the web-site it looked basic, but clean. I will not trust pictures again!On arrival we paid in full. We were told where our room was. There was no lift and we had to lug our cases up and down a maze of filthy corridors and stairways, dodging the bags of rubbish and piles of dirty laundry. Our room was filthy and next door to an emergency exit, that had a yale lock on it. The room consisted of a double bed with bedding that didn't look like it had seen a washing machine in weeks. There was a cooker that was leaning to one side and a fire extinguisher was leaning on the wall on the kitchen counter, with no accompanying type label or apparent last test date. But the best was yet to come! When we opened the door to the 'en suite' we found a fility shower cubicle with someone elses show gel still hanging in it and a toilet basin that resembled the scene from Trainspotting! When we voiced our concern we were advised 'the cleaner had not had time to clean the room yet' . We checked in about 15 minutes before the advised check in time of 2pm. The grime in the toilet bowl and u bend had obviously built up over weeks! We were offered another room, which we refused on the grounds that we were seriously concerned that our health might be affected by staying there. After a heated exhance we were given a full refund.This is the first time I have taken the time to rate accommodation on a web-site and I'm only going it in the hope that it prevents someone elses week-end holiday being ruined!	
Nov 12 2009 	Great base for working/ sightseeing in london	This place is really chill and in an amazing location. It's easy to get to from Heathrow on the tube (3 min walk from Earl's Ct Tube), yet it's on a quiet street. Lots of coffee shops and restaurants on Earl's Ct. road a block away. I had a really bright and airy room with own bathroom. Everything was clean. The breakfast is only cereal and toast, but there's a M&amp;S and a Tesco a block away and they're happy to store yogurts, etc in the fridge for you. And I really liked Lucianda, the proprietor, who held my key for me and buzzed me back in when I went running in Holland Park every morning. It's not the kind of place where you want to spend the whole day in your room - but it's a really nice and comfortable place to come back to in the evenings.	
Oct 8 2009 	A great bargain hidden away on a quiet street in Bayswater	Is located on a quiet street a few blocks off the bustling and eclectic Queensway in the Bayswater area. 10 minute walk from Bayswater or Queensway tube stops. Queensway Road is lined with restaurants of all ethnic backgrounds. This is not a luxury hotel. The rooms are small and the building is older. However, it is clean, the staff is friendly and helpful, it has an elevator, and it is good value. Continental breakfast, while not great, was okay. I have now stayed there twice and I would stay again.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great hotel fantastic location if you can do without concierge service	Location couldn't be better - 5 minutes walk from the Heathrow Express at Paddington. Excellent room (executive), spotlessly clean bathroom. My only gripe is the front desk service which not trained to provide real concierge service. Other than that would definitely recommend it and come back again.	
	Nice hotel in great location	The Windermere Hotel is in a great location. Conveniently located near Victoria Station, and within walking distance to major sites (Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Parliament, etc), grocery store and coffee shop. The complimentary breakfast was good and the service overall was wonderful. The room was clean and met our needs. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great Location But That's All Folks...	Having attended and exhibited at many an exhibition in either Earls Court or Olympia you can't get much better for location, directly between the two and near local amenities such as Tesco and bus stop within meters.Trouble is and this really surprised me for central London is that the supermarket opens at times like it was the last decade, not opening until 11am on a Sunday which is after check-out time so unless you purchased your bacon and rolls the night before you are stuffed - not the hotels fault but should be considered. Another downside of travel to the hotel is that it is way off the Underground system and if like me a bus is a thing on your PC and you'd never use one, then consider the cost of taxis per day and add that to your hotel charge to truly compare if this will be a cheaper alternate hotel to either Hilton or Ibis which are the other two charging real prices unlike some local &quot;bandits&quot; whom up the rate per the exhibition footfall as so called official hotels. Where you do benefit from staying in an apartment is the savings on meals and drinks at the bar, you can sit in the apartment and be entertained in your own relaxed environment at supermarket prices if you so choose to...The hotel, well it's nowhere near finished and I'd guess the developer budget is low else they would have been working full tilt as an empty room makes no money and the design is from an inexperienced hotelier no doubt sold a package by some young architect - it falls short in so many ways and that's apart from the areas which are not yet open such as the bar, gym and pool areas. For example and as other reviewers mention the automatic light in the bathroom basically needs to be disconnected by the owners as it's a real annoyance, it switches off when you are showering and on if you flip your arm over the bed sheets at night waking you up with a dazzling brilliance through the glass door right next to your bed. And why oh why did anyone think placing the bed at the corridor side of the apartment was a sensible idea, bangity bang bang go the doors all night when the hotel is busy... none of the door soft closers seem to work...Cleanliness left quite a bit to be desired, we stayed two nights and our room was not made up nor towels changed, nor rubbish taken away and there's no bin in the kitchen which is frankly a manky way to operate. Entrance floors not buffed and lets not blame the bulders dust as they mopped the floor all steaky, that's just a lazy cleaner not being supervised which explains quite a bit - poor overal management. The Baumatic oven has a touch panel control which you can't read as it doesn't illuminate on touch to see the controls, these are printed behind glass and as you are not familiar with the unit make it difficult to use... As are most controls in the appartment which have no labeling so it's trial and error then remember, the aircon is fairly ineffective also...Overall if you get the 69 a night rate you can live with it but when taxis are added it's best avoided, the management of this hotel is amateur at best and frankly looks to be a business opportunity being run by an opportunist chancer with no hotelier experience and I'm not being critical of the work in progress. We stayed Sunday in the Radisson for 20 more and oh what a difference, you get what you pay for just look for the deals and what may seem a bargain sometimes is not.Would I stay again? Probably not...	
Jul 16 2008 	Depends what you're looking for	Some friends visited from the states but had a difficult time finding a room. This place had an opening so we booked it. For a cheap hotel in London it wasn't bad... but compared to what they were used to it did not fit their standards. The carpet was very worn as was the furniture in the room. Their room was in the basement and was very musty and dusty. It was also TINY! But the sheets and bathroom were clean and the loo worked just fine.	
Sep 9 2009 	Ideal central location personal comfortable accommodation	Our first visit to London and this was ideal location - central to any and everything we crammed into 3 days sight seeing. Room (separate bedroom and sitting area) was tasteful, comfortable, airconditioned - home away for home! Staff were always helpful, there when needed, otherwise discretely distant. Whilst most (including ourselves) would normally consider this expensive, it was really tremendous valuey - could walk to anything. If you consider the sitting room sofa was a fold out double bed, it could be very attractive for a family, even 2 couples.Room service was very good, night or day.	
Nov 19 2009 	Spotlessly clean and the best beds in the entire world	So far, I've stayed three times in the Parkcity hotel (twice in 2008 and once in 2009).It was, consistently, one of the cleanest hotels I've ever been to, with a helpful, professional staff, and most importantly the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. I was travelling with colleagues during the two trips in 2008, and they both also commented on just how superb the beds are.Some remarks, also regarding other reviews around here:1) don't bother with the breakfast buffet; get breakfast through room service. I always get some kind of coffee and the breakfast option where you get this huge assortment of toast, bread rolls, pastries, marmelades, jams and honey, all for less than 10 pounds, delivered to your room. you get this order card that you hang outside your door until 3am or so. it's delicious and incredibly good value.2) the hair dryers are to be found, for reasons I don't quite understand, in a drawer in the room (underneath the TV), not in the bathroom3) it's an old building, in England, and thus it's no surprise the AC dies sometimes - it happened to a colleague on one of the 2008 trips I think, but since the adjacent street is super quiet, you can just open the windows. Other than tearing down the entire premise, I suppose they can't do much about it4) Internet access is indeed not free, but that's something that annoys me about pretty much every single hotel in Europe5) it's sometimes very hot in the corridors, which I think is due to the (otherwise nice) lighting in there which heats up the narrow and low corridors quite quickly6) they have excellent Bose WAVE radios in the rooms; I only wish those had iPod connectors - that would be perfectI haven't tried their restaurant or bar. Earl's Court and Gloucester Road tube stations are a ~10 minute walk each. Credit card is charged with 50 pound per day (I think) security deposit that is transferred back after checkout. Bathrooms have very nice Molton Brown toiletries. Leave your business card in the glass bowl at the reception, they have a monthly raffle for a free stay or something. As far as I remember, there is no minibar in the rooms, but I think there is a fridge that was supposed to be used for the minibar, so you can just buy whatever you need from the (huge) Sainsbury around the corner.	
	average	hotel clean &amp; well presented. easy access to 02 dlr then one tube stop. room service meal was very poor over priced &amp; not very good. breakfast also poor 17 per person for lukewarm cooked breakfast not ideal.	
	QUIET LOCATION BUT CLOSE TO LOCAL ATTRACTIONS	We expected the room to be very small after reading reviews but found our double room to be of an adequate size and very clean and modern. The reception staff were helpful but some of them did not speak overly good english. We did not eat in the hotel but could have booked breakfast for 15 each, but ate round the corner in a lovely cafe for half the price. We were dissapointed at how far away the west end was and were advised by the hotel staff that getting the bus or using the tube would involve quite a journey so therefore booked a taxi through the hotel which cost 16 there and we had to use a black cab coming back which was 26!!! The hotel was close to 2 tubes and a bus stop which took you into Oxford Street and Knightsbridge in next to no time. We walked into Bayswater for an evening meal which was only 10 minutes walk away and found there was plenty to do. We would definatley stay at this hotel again if we were going for a shopping weekend but would probably look for a hotel closer to the west end if we were going to the theatre. The only downside to the hotel was that it advertised a bar but there is not one and you can not even order a glass of wine whilst waiting for taxi etc.	
	Perfect in Everyway	Quick walk from Gloucester Rd and earls court underground. Shops and also buses. Made to feel very welcome and special from beginning to end. One bedroom apartment with a sofa bed in the lounge. We were three girlfriends meeting in London for 5 days. Apartment was spotlessly clean, kitchen well equipped including a washing machine. Beds comfortable. Shower water pressure very good. Staff excellent, extremely helpful, nothing was too much trouble. Welcome bottle of wine and chocolates in the room. Highly recommend this accommodation. Hated to leave. Fantastic location for shopping, theatre and cafes. Even heard an owl one night	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Location	For a budget hotel this is what I expected after staying near Paddington Station earlier this year. The Jubilee is just 2 blocks from Victoria Station and about a 20 minute walk to the Eye. I booked this room on Expedia but it did not mention that the room did not have its own bathroom, it was shared and in the basement! The shared bath was cleaner than I expected, but I did not like having a basement room with widows opening on to the main street - people stood around late after coming back from the pubs smoking and the smell/noise came directly into the room. We didn't eat breakfast that was provided, it was always crowded by the time we arrived. The telephone in the room did not work, but at reception we were able to make local calls. Considering we only stayed in the room to sleep, it was not a bad experience overall. I would stay here again, but confirm you have your own bath.	
Nov 13 2009 	Excellent facilities and staff - would return any time	This hotel is spotlessly clean, we had a quad room that was spacious and had free internet access, phone, teamaking facilities, TV, shower and toilet, hairdryer and fridge. There were complimentary hot and cold drinks in the eating area round the clock, further free internet access in the lobby, and the breakfast was continental with lots of choice and very good. The staff were impeccably dressed, polite and charming yet friendly and very helpful. Extremely good value for money, I would return there any time, and would recommend it to anybody. Also perfect location, very central yet quiet.	
Nov 16 2009 	Refreshing Marriott	Stayed a long weekend at the Marriott with wife, son &amp; nephew.Reception staff and doormen very pleasant and cheerful.......nothing seemed to be a problem.Check in was very smooth and easy. Room was beautiful with very comfy bed and luxury bathroom and very clean. We had 2 rooms on the second floor, but was slightly disappointed with the view overlooking the atrium of the reception. Would have preferred a room with London skyline view.We spent most days in London, which meant a half hour tube ride each way, but it made staying at a very good 4 star hotel at a decent price worthwhile. The DLR stop is right outside the hotel, or the Jubilee line Canary Wharf station is 5 minutes walk.We didn't eat at the hotel as it seemed quite pricey, but for breakfast, we went to the Weatherspoons, or or there were a couple of decent cafes in the Canary Wharf shoppping centre 5 minutes walk away. Plenty of bars around Canary Wharf, or the hotel had a nice lounge for a drink.Overall, I would book this hotel again for a trip to London.	
	It's got potential...	I booked The Park Grand hotel for a 5 night stay. I arrived early and the receptionist was very polite and helpful and said that if I wanted to check in immediatley I could but the room they had originally allocated for me was on at the front of the building, so giving me a better veiw, was alot better so maybe it would be better to wait for that room to be ready, which I did. I waited in the bar area, which was pleasant enough, even though very toxic smell, from paint fumes, as the hotel has only just opened. It was overpowering and at one point I had to go outside as my nose was burning. Also the bar did not have a drinks license so no alcohol could be served. The restaurant as well, was only serving breakfast, which again meant that there was no way of having anything to eat at any other time.The room I was allocated, which was a standard double, was on first appearance, very nice. Spacious, large sash windows, lovely bedding, panelled walls, plasma tv. Then I noticed there was no wardrobe. After contacting the reception looking for a wardrobe, she politely informed me that one panel in the wall was the wardrobe. I found it eventually and can say that I was dismayed to find that it was a foot deep and had a few hangers hanging face forward. Definately not what I would call a wardrobe, and there was a big drawer under the bed. The bathroom was very small with a shower and just a shower curtain, no shower tray for you to stand in, it was literally a room with a toilet sink and shower all in one, so basically if you had a shower there was no way that everything, including the toilet wouldn't get drenched.I was very very disappointed as I had planned this getaway for a long time and wanted it to be special. I contacted the reception desk again and explained my distress and she was very sympathetic and asked me if I wanted to see a club room, which I might find more agreeable.This club room was more spacious, huge sash windows, the bathroom had a large separate shower cubical with a glass door, but no shelf space around the sink so nowhere to put your toiletries.The bedroom had the same wardrobe as the other room, but in this room there were 2 of them so giving a bit more space. They said I could have this room for an extra twenty pounds a night, which I payed.On a positive note, the decor was lovely and modern, the hotel was quiet so no noises thoughout the night, the bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. Seriously was a fantastic bed. The staff were very helpful and polite.It was 10 minutes walk from Paddington Station. I think if they could sort out the wardrobe situation, and the showers in the standard bedrooms, these rooms would have been perfect. Its a pity, because otherwise it would be a really lovely little hotel.	
	Convenient for the O2	Stayed here just for one night with my Mother. Chose the hotel due to its proximity to the O2, where we were going to see the ATP tennis. Having witnessed the queues for the underground on the way out of the O2 we were SO glad that we had decided to stay nearby.The hotel is in the middle of a very busy road system and somewhat out of the way of most things - but it is only a short walk from the O2. Considering the busy road outside, I didn't hear any excess noise, and slept soundly. The hotel itself was clean and functional - the bar area was pleasant for a nightcap after returning from the O2. I believe they did serve bar food during the day but we didn't partake. The staff that we encountered were friendly enough and helpful. Nice night-time views across to the lights of the O2 and Canary Wharf.	
Nov 15 2009 	Pleasant Hotel	My friend and I spent two nights at this hotel and were impressed with both the cleanliness and staff. We booked the hotel as we were attending a function nearby otherwise we would normally stay in a more central location. The only disappointment was that breakfast was not included in the rate although there were several restaurants within easy walking distance and we could have paid extra for breakfast at a reduced rate on check-in.I would recommend a meal at the Camden Brasserie which is just across the road. We had dinner here on our first night and thoroughly enjoyed it.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location and Great Hotel Bar!	Excellent location, excellent service and one wild hotel bar. It was rocking when I was there and you get in automatically when you stay here. Big line outside too. Restaurant is excellent. Easy to get here from Heathrow for business travellers...Heathrow Express to Paddington then a short taxi. The Met is very close to Hyde Park for chilling out or going for a morning run. Beds were comfortable, rooms were clean and quite large compared to most hotels in London. I will definitely be coming back here on my next trip.	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent location with average services	The hotel is well located within Paddington area with easy access to buses, under ground station and railway station. Plenty of places to eat. Bayswater and Queensway are within walking distance. Hyde Park and the shopping area of Oxford Street are only few miles away.	
Oct 16 2009 	Vile	I was booked in under recommendation from Olympia, but I will be suggesting they take this off the list as it was utterly horrible. I will give the plus points first. Good location not too far from Gloucester road underground. That's it.Now the not so good points.Dirty rooms, cleaned up to the point the cleaner could reach we assumed (about 5'6&quot;). Curtains not attached and in my associates room the curtain did not cover the window leavinng huge gaps. I complained and they said they would fix it but they didn't. I stood on the step on the 2nd night and watched the RATS plural, cavorting on the front steps! Back and forth, up and down the alley next to the hotel and within 3 inches of me! The breakfast was poor, and there was a towel on the floor next to our table to catch the leak coming from the ceiling! They also cocked up one of our numbers booking and he ended up over the road in another hotel. He definitely got the better deal though! They were rude and unhelpful, I assume from being used to being shouted at.AVOID AVOID AVOID!	
Sep 23 2009 	WHAT A BREAKFAST	Never knew there are still places that serve workhouse rate breakfast in the UK. Stayed in this place for a few days, tried breakfast once and decided to cut losses and ignore it on other days. I mean how do you call two slices of toast (you prepare it yourself) a cup of tea/coffee with cold milk, lard/jam and cereal (corn flakes/oatmeal) breakfast? I mean no egg, no sausage, no beans even if you can go luxurious? i did not bother with the dinner but my friend who went said it was corn, a piece of chicken and greens (lettuce or so) and they calim to give breakfast and dinner. Please someone needs to insist on what B&amp;Bs can call a meal for guests.This place is only suitable for 1 night and you should not bother with any meal!!!Only thing to reccomend this place is the great location!!!	
	Who gave this hotel 4 Stars ??	I have just spent Saturday night at this hotel, and must say it was a big mistake.A West End show, romantic dinner and a night in a great area of London was spoilt by this Hotel.Although all of the staff were very pleasant and helpful, the room was very tired / antiquated bathroom / pathetic toiletries / dirty windows / tatty net curtains / filthy window runners / no mini bar (in a 4 star London hotel ??) breakfast was awful (which the hotel tried to charge me for, after I had prepaid on B &amp; B terms / bad stains on the carpet / very basic bed and pillows - just a very miserable room.I am not sure about Health and Safety regulations, but if ever there was a fire in the corridor outside the room I stayed in , the occupants would perish as the windows could not be opened at all- they were secured by means of obvious screws into the window frames. It's hotels like this that can give London a bad name - the room was two star at best - do not stay here expecting 4 star !	
Nov 22 2007 	so bad it was farcical!	Stayed here for three nights recently. Absolutely awful! Room was shabby and dusty. Television did not work. Curtains in window were patrially off the hooks so curtains did not close fully. Toilet only flushed after three or four attempts. T.iles were cracked in the bathroom. This hotel is so awful it is farcical. The only good thing about this hotel is that it is in central London.	
	Love the thistle!	I recently visited the Thistle Westminster as part of a group which was organised through my work. It was very cheap due to the amount of people we were travelling with and only cost 150 bed and breakfast and coach travel for myself and my boyfriend. So for me the hotel was very good for it's price.However regardless of the amount I spent, I still feel this hotel is a lovely place to stay. It is the second time I have stayed here and found it just as pleasant as last year. Upon arrival I checked in where I was told all the relevant information (breakfast times etc) and then took my luggage to a room with two double beds in!! (for just me and my boyfriend!) There was also a sofa and facilities to make a tea or coffee which was well needed after a hard days shopping! I do admit the hotel room was very warm however as it was extremely cold outside it wasn't a problem when we stayed there.The bathrooms do seem a bit old and tired however were very clean which is the most important thing when you are only there for a short time.We then walked to the nearest tube station (Victoria) which was approx 5 minutes from the hotel. Victoria is a very central station and any of the key places you would want to visit are minutes on the tube (It was fantastic!).After having a lovely evening at the Tiffany ice rink at Somerset House, we went back to the hotel very tired and ready for a good nights sleep. At about 11:45 we were both woken up by an alarm that had gone off. I was very concerned as it half sounded like a car alarm and half sounded like a fire alarm. I rung down to reception and asked if there was a problem, my mind was put at rest by the deputy manager and after about 15 minutes the alarm went off. About 10 minutes after I rung down we had a knock at our door from the deputy manger who had come to check out the situation and see if everything was okay! (Fantastic service and a lovely man who made us feel our concerns were dealt with appropriately!) The breakfast was fine, not much variety but good quality and the staff pleasant.Overall the hotel has a great location, lovely staff and big rooms. I would definitely return again!	
	Great hotel quiet location ideal for weekend away!	We stayed at the Apex for a weekend in November based on the reviews from this site. We were not disappointed. We stayed in a King Deluxe room on the first floor and the room was HUGE! The bathroom had a large bath and a walk in shower.My only gripe was that the pillows were terrible! The standard ones are feather so I would suggest ordering extra or foam ones for a more comfortable night.The room was VERY quiet for London as we could only hear the wind in the trees of the small square opposite our window. It is within 3 minutes walk of Tower Hill tube station, which will take you to Embankment which is only a 5 minute walk from Leicester Square etc. Ideal for Tower of London as it is just across the road. We didn't have any food in the hotel as there was a pub just around the block that did full English breakfasts for 3.99 which was OK for us. There is also a pizza place, noodle bar and various other eateries within a 5 minute walk. I would also suggest walking over Tower Bridge and walking towards London Bridger on the South Bank as there were a multitude of places there.All in all a fab weekend at a fab price.	
Nov 16 2009 	Airmiles claimed this was a 3* hotel - what a joke!	Having booked a two centre holiday through airmiles, the first leg was to Venice. Fantastic, good hotel, excellent time, so our hopes were high when we arrived in London. Oh, how our hopes were dashed when we checked into the Royal Cambridge. It sounded good, and seemed to be located in a good position, but that's where the good finished. I have never been in a more filthy, poorly maintained and noisy hotel ever before, and I travel a lot - Fawlty Towers would have been a pleasure after this place. 3 stars? I award it 3 turds. And as for Airmiles recommending it on their site - they would do well to remove it immediately. Please, please, please, don't stay at the Royal Cambridge - you'll get a better night's sleep on a park bench.Having pre-paid for 3 nights (another big mistake) we could stand it no longer and left to stay at the Copthorne Tara - a decent 4* hotel that cost only 10 per night more than this dump!	
Nov 7 2009 	Unbelievable for price in Mayfair London	My gf and I stayed at the Curzon Plaza for four nights in August, 2009. We were upgraded to a one bedroom apartment. The apartment was renovated and fully self contained with free wi-fi. We paid a bit under $150 AUD per night from memory. Green Square tube station is just a short walk away. Great place to stay for first-timers. I left my suit in the wardrobe and the staff could not be more helpful in assisting me retrieve it. We were extremely happy with Curzon Plaza. Thanks again.Would definately recommend this place, based on our experience.	
	Just ordinary	I stayed in an individual room at the Meli White House for one night. I found the hotel just ordinary. The decoration and furnishing are pretentious and a bit dated.The staff at the reception desk were nice and both the chek-in and the check-out were fast. The room was small, if not too much for London standards; however there wasn't even one chair and the only &quot;table&quot; in the room was more of a ledge with legs, barely 25cm deep and placed in a narrow, poorly-lit, aisle-like space (which is awkward for a four-star hotel that claims to be ideal for business travelers; but of course with a chair and a desk the room would have appeared crammed). The TV was big and a bit old. The closet looked a bit shabby. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom was up-to-date but really tiny; not even a shelf for the toilet bag, just the small counter around the sink. Everything was clean enough. There is a coffee and tea kit (inside the closet, as there is no other place to put it).There is something odd about the use of the in-room minibar: an note advises that if the customer uses the minibar to cool his own stuff then he will be charged 15 pounds.No free internet at any area of the hotel. Rate is 15 pounds per 24h.I didn't have breakfast at the hotel; I don'd remember the price but it was in the region of 20 pounds, so I had a good breakfast somewhere nearby (Great Portland St. is just across the street).The hotel is well located but you can find plenty of well located hotels in London at similar or cheaper rates and this one does't add any special value.In brief, it was just fine but there's nothing special about it. I've stayed at nicer hotels in London and would recommend this one only if you get a cheap rate.	
Nov 14 2009 	Comfortable accommodation in underserved part of London	The invasion of London by a travel trade convention meant that most of my usual choices were either booked up or had hiked their rates above what I was wiling to pay. As a result, I ended up at the Sanctuary House in Westminster, a part of London that does not have that many hotels, and certainly not in an affordable bracket. Initially, the hotel is not particularly prepossessing, being situated over a pub just round the corner from St James' Park tube station. However, the upstairs lobby is welcoming and the staff friendly. My room was clean and well-appointed, with the bonus of a four-poster bed and a corner position. Wireless internet was free and fast. The main downside was the difficulty in getting adequate heating, even after discussions with the front desk. I am not sure I would want to stay in really cold weather. However, sound insulation was very good with no traffic noise or internal disturbance. Continental breakfast was included in my room rate and served in the pub - which was better than it sounds. There was a good selection from the buffet and no smells of stale beer. One other disadvantage that should be mentioned is that this part of London is not brilliant for small restaurants, even of the better chain variety. There is a cluster around Victoria station but this is about 15 minutes walk.	
Nov 19 2009 	Pleasant Stay	My stay at the Premier Inn Hammersmith was very pleasant. From the moment I checked in, the staff was very attentive. I was greeted warmly every time I entered the lobby, and if I needed anything, all I had to do was ask. The room was on the small side but very clean and comfortable. A table and chair was set up right in front of the window so I could work and gaze out the window. The bed was very comfortable and plenty of pillows were available. An electric kettle was provided, as were teabags, coffee, creamer, and sugar; the front desk will gladly supply more tea (etc) upon request but because I drink so much of it, I purchased my own tea and sugar. Wifi internet access is available but is not free; internet access is provided by a third party. I ended up spending 30 for the 9 days I was there. I did not see an option to be emailed a receipt, which I needed for tracking business expenses. The connection usually showed as 20% signal strength but was generally acceptable; I had very few drop-outs. I did dine in the hotel restaurant. I dined there for supper and had a very nice chicken curry; the wait staff was attentive and the food top-notch. I also had the &quot;Premier breakfast&quot; which was also very good. Location is very good - the Ravenscourt Park tube station is but a short walk and from there it's easy to get to anywhere you want to go. There is a small 24 hour grocer across the street -- they have the most wonderful falafel meal in the cold case that is a wonderful alternative to dining out. There is a pub next door, and two or three doors down there is a very nice Thai market with all sorts of wonderful fresh herbs, packaged seasonings, and noodle cups. There are many restaurants nearby, offering a variety of cuisines; there are also a few fast food places within walking distance. There is plenty of shopping nearby. Also, it's a short walk to the Thames, where you can take a stroll. Very nice! In short, the Premier Inn Hammersmith helped make my stay quite pleasant. I plan to return to London, and when I do I will once again stay at this hotel. I recommend it as a nice, comfortable, and reasonably priced hotel.	
Aug 11 2008 	Good hotel	Good hotel, clean and recently renewed. Close to metro.	
Apr 27 2007 	Good Location Lousy Apartment	The location is very good with close proximity to 2 Tube lines. Flat # 6 is very run down with dirty carpets and blown bulbs, broken shower screen etc Don't bother contacting Woogoo's Customer Care Manager. He or she does not respond to comments.	
Nov 24 2009	Relaxed Friendly and Good Value	Stayed at So Quartier for 3 nights in a 2 bedroomed apartment.Easy to find. Very warm welcome on arrival. Check-in was fast and efficient. Reception staff and night staff were very friendly, especially the General Manager on check-in who was very welcoming and friendly, and the female member of staff (think she was Polish) showed us to the apartment and she was also very friendly, helpful and pleasant.The apartment was large, lovely bathroom, clean and spacious. Excellent value for 170.00 a night with laterooms. All amenities were provided ie. Television, DVD player, fully equipped kitchen with microwave, en suite bathroom and lounge area.Furnishings were fine and modern mainly IKEA. Bins emptied daily and bathroom cleaned and serviced.Kilburn area was fine just 2mins walk from the Overground Kilburn High Road Station, and just 5mins walk to Kilburn Park Underground on the Bakerloo Line to Central London and the West End in 15mins.Tesco Express underneath the apartment block had an excellent selection of food, snacks, meals, drinks, wines and beers. All local shops on Kilburn High Street were within walking distance.Given the price and space of the apartment I would recommend staying here opposed to extortionate prices in Central London and the West End.Apartment 112 was very quiet towards the back of the block, just some noise from passing trains, but nothing to complain about.Thank you for a nice stay.	
Oct 25 2009 	The smallest room I have ever seen!	This hotel is very well located, just 50 mts away from the subway and the train station (King Cross station), however the rooms are tiny!.Sitting on my bed I could wash my teeth and open the bathroom door. The shower is literally over the WC.Breakfast is good, the rooms are reasonably clean, the people is kind and there is free wi-fi at the lobby.For 50 pound a night (including breakfast) I don't think you will find anything better, however if you can pay a little bit more, I would recommend you go to another hotel.	
Nov 25 2009 	Absolute Rubbish!	Room was horrible, breakfast was a joke and the overall service of the hotel could definitely be improved on. My suggestion would be to seek other accommodation, even if it means paying a little more.	
Oct 16 2009 	A Nightmare Hotel	This was the worst travel experience of my life. We were charged the full amount of our stay from the beginning. That should have been a red flag. Think we know why. Most people probably want to leave as soon as they discover the truth about this hotel.Most of the staff are all family members and are completely indifferent, rude, and dishonest. We checked out immediately when we were told that no heat was available and that we could not have any blankets. We were told that no hotels in London had heat at this time of the year (not true!). They would not refund our money, kept telling us to come back and see the manager who never showed, we were charged for two days even though we were in the room for one and a half hours (spent unpacking our bags, then realized how cold the room was when we sat down). Finally refunded us one of our three days after many times trying to see the manager (whom we never saw--only heard her in a monologue over the phone) So we have filed dispute claim with credit card company's against this hotel. Now as a side note, there were no extra pillows, they would only give you one room card even though two people were staying in the room, there was no bath mats, the chair for the desk missing from the room, there were no shampoos and toiletries, no stationery...we were told if they put blankets and pillows in the room they get stolen. We knew the rooms would be small. That was not the problem. The problem was no heat or blankets in October in London, and a manager and staff who could care less and would tell untruths again and again. We checked into a hotel two doors down which had heat and a caring staff. That room was actually smaller and slightly slanted on the fifth floor. But we didn't care. We had heat and kindness!	
Nov 18 2009 	A pleasant stay	We chose the Renaissance Chancery Court for the competitive online advanced room rate and the fact that it was a 10 minute taxi ride to the theatre at which we were going to see a show.The building is very beautiful and classy as you enter the property through an archway and find yourself in a cobblestoned courtyard. The lobby is equally impressive. We received a warm welcome at reception and were very pleased with our Double Dleuxe Room, which was the biggest London hotel room we have ever stayed in and secured at the lowest price we have paid. It was also one of the cleanest hotel rooms we have stayed in and full credit should be given to the housekeeping staff for doing a great job.We highly recommend staying at the Renaissance Chancery Court and it will definitely be our first choice of hotel during our next stay in London. It offers good value rooms, excellent service and cleanliness throughout.	
Aug 30 2009 	A very fine hotel	My husband and I have just stayed at The Capital for the first time, having happily dined there when we lived in the UK. It's our new favorite and we will likely use it as our regular &quot;home away from home &quot; in London. It's not inexpensive, but the service, location and comfort all are well worth it. From the first night, the front staff recognized us and had our key ready as we walked in the door. They handled every request quickly and fluidly. The restaurant is excellent and therefore so is the room service food. The rooms and baths are very traditional, but comfortable...there are plenty of electric outlets, for example. Good wireless internet coverage. The window shades really black out the light. There's very good storage space in the mini suites. And there's no way to beat the location! You're a few steps from Knightsbridge shopping and the Tube and can walk to much of Central London, if you're so inclined. We'll definitely be back.	
Sep 9 2009 	Comfy stay	My husband's brother came to visit, so we wanted to stay in London for a few days. I used a travel search engine and got a good deal. The studio was clean, we slept on a queen bed with a prestinely, white, down comforter. There was a small flat screen in our bedroom, a wardrobe and full size blow dryer. The kitchette had the basics, a pot, pan, and plenty of dishes and flatware. The refrigerator did not get very cold, so that wasunfortunate. The living room area was nice, there was a 28&quot; flat screen, a pull out sofa, and a table to sit and eat. The bathroom was nice as well with a full tub, but another downfall was the water didn't get very hot. Overall we had a nice stay. Had we known better we would have stayed nearer to central London since the tube ride was over 20 minutes getting here and there.	
Sep 20 2009 	Spacious and comfortable corporate apartment near St. Paul's	The Kings Wardrobe is a recently renovated corporate apartment complex, just a 1 minute walk from St. Pauls cathedral. Its located just off quaint Carter Lane, a narrow old street filled with coffee shops, restaurants, and pubs. My husband, son and I stayed for 7 nights on a recent business trip to London. We found the location to be very convenient, with ample food options, grocery stores within walking distance, access to tourist sites like the cathedral and the Millennium Bridge, which was a 3 minute walk away. Bus lines ran in front of the cathedral. However, Blackfriars station (the closest) is closed for renovation until 2011, so youll need to walk to the station prior or after to access the District/Circle lines.We stayed in apartment A0.5 on the ground floor, just around the corner from reception. It was a large one bedroom that more than amply stored our luggage as accommodated a crib. The flat had a full bath with both a large shower and a luxuriously deep bath tub. There was also a 2nd half bath just behind the kitchen. Toiletries were provided.The bedroom had a queen sized bed with lots of closet space, night stands, and a chest of drawers with a small TV on top. The kitchen was large, with a full sized refrigerator/freezer, laundry machine, dishwasher, oven, stove, and dishes to use. A basic welcome kit of simple groceries were provided. A few tablets for the dishwasher were provided, but if you needed more than 3, you had to buy more yourself at the grocery store. The kitchen led into the dining/living area, which had a reasonably sized table that seated 6 people. The living room had a loveseat and chair, small tv, coffee table, and sideboard. The condition of the apartment was very good  everything was clean and modern and in working order. Cleaning service is weekly, and ours came on Wednesday.The service of the front desk staff was generally helpful  one gentleman even helped us sort out an issue with the telephone in our room late at night. The staff seemed to recognize us and were very friendly when we came and went. And we were given a one hour late checkout graciously.Things that could have been better:1) The walls between rooms are paper thin. The first 2 nights, our next door neighbor made phone calls home to the US after midnight, and we could every word she said. It was as if she was in the room with us.2) They charged us for a crib. In the 22 months since my son was born, weve stayed in over 15 hotels and corporate apartments in several countries in Europe, Asia, and the Americas, and this is the only one that charged us for a crib. And even with that, we had to bring our own crib sheet, as that would have been yet another charge.3) The kitchen did not come with a sponge and dish soap, which was rather annoying when we arrived late at night and needed to clean sippy cups from our trip. We asked at the front desk, and were given directions to a grocery store.4) The mattress (both for the queen bed and the crib) was very thin and not very comfortable.We would stay here again if we felt we needed a place with a kitchen and laundry, and we did really enjoy the location. However, if traveling solo, Id consider returning back to a hotel instead.	
Nov 26 2009	VERY VERY NICE HOTEL!	This was our first time in London and we booked this hotel trough internet since it was quite cheap being in the centre of London and we made the right choice, we loved to stay there! The hotel is located in the centre of the town, about 10 minutes from Victoria subway station and about 3 minutes from Pimlico Subaway station, both by feet. Close to it there are some shops who sell food and drinks, some restaurants...the road is very calm and safe also in the evening and there is not much noise. The bus stop is just few steps from the door of the hotel. The road is very nice too, all victorian style. The hotel was clean and nice, the staff is not too much friendly but when we needed something they answered and that is what matters. We had a double room and it was clean, maybe a little small for some other travellers but we have been in smaller places :) Anyway, there was the bed, some space for the suitcases, the wardrobe, chairs and desk...the bathroom was small, there was the shower, the silk. The breakfast is included ( at least with our booking ) it was from 7 am and it is served in a nice and big room so we did not have to wait to have a seat. You can choose among coffee, milk, chereals, brioches, ham and much more! The waitress do their job and ask you if you need something more. In total, we would come back there since the position is very good because with the bus or subway you can easily reach every other place of London, the hotel was safe and clean and was nice, after a tiring day, to come back there!	
Oct 24 2009 	The nicest hotel in London	Definitely the nicest boutique hotel in London in one of the nicest neighborhoods. A 3 minute walk to the clubs of Soho and with Regents Park just to the North you can play Jane Austin al the time!	
Nov 24 2009 	Expected more from a well-known chain	We recently spent 6 days in London at the Thistle Kensington Garden. It is within walking distance of the Queensway tube line, across the street from Kensington Garden and near several quaint restaurants. The breakfast was also very good. When we arrived at the hotel, we were not greeted for 15 minutes and waited for our room in the lounge for 1.5 hrs. We could get a room sooner if we paid for an &quot;upgraded room&quot;. When we arrived in the room, it was small but nice; until we started noticing the stains on the carpet, bugs (alive &amp; dead) . In the middle of the night, the fire alarm went off and the next morning when I spoke to management the response was &quot;sorry&quot;. Alarm? can't be helped but bugs? come one. Just bad customer service. I would recommend the many smaller guest houses where they actually care about your business.	
	A good budget choice but only if you can't afford better!	GOOD POINTS-Cheap (I stayed here for some nights for 20 pounds - this is fantastic for central London)- Family rooms are spacious for 2 people- Restaurants very close eg Nanos (portugese), Strada (Italian), Pasta, fast food at the station etc)- Staff are friendly-Early check in available (but at a cost). Some hotels I have been in do not even allow early check in so I put this as a good point.-Safe area.BAD POINTS-Mattress was uncomfortable - sinks in the middle. My wife had back problems every day (!)-Pillows are thin, hard and uncomfortable. I ended up buying a couple as I was staying for 2 weeks. - Road noise when windows are open is load but okay when windows are closed-Air -conditioning does not work in any room I have been in (I have tried 5 rooms). Windows open with a key that is available at reception though.-Towels aren't very good and often you have to ask for more.-Double rooms felt claustrophobic!	
Nov 21 2009 	Hideously overpriced	Make no mistake, this hotel is well-situated. That said, everything about it is overpriced and underwhelming. I stayed in a suite. I couldn't even see out the windows because of the design. Local phone calls were in the range of $15. Breakfast is $60 and is mediocre--tasteless fruit, undercooked eggs. Very, very disappointing.	
May 25 2009 	A very nice hotel with great new beds and linens.	I must say I was a little concerned after reading the negative reviews, however; I found the hotel very lovely. The new bed was the best I have every slept on in a hotel and the new linens were beautiful. I must say, some of the Marriott's properties I haved stayed at in the U.S. were not as nice. I found the staff to be very helpful and attentive. My only concern is that the bathroom needed updating and the towels needed to be bleached as they were quite tired looking. I must say we found a wonderful restaurant about a block from the hotel.It is called the Queen's Cottage Cafe &amp; Restaurant. The address is 235 Maida Vale. My husband &amp; I ate there once every day for our eight day stay. All the food is good, but I especially like their pancakes. They are wonderful as is there coffee! Eveything is reasonably priced. Give them a try, I don't think you will be disappointed. If you remember when you go, tell them Dorothy from Dallas recommened them to you.	
Nov 20 2009 	Disgusting!	Filthy place, apparently now being used by London Council to house asylum seekers. I turned up with work colleague with the rooms pre paid by our company. Receptionist (in cupboard) insistant that rooms had not been paid for insisted on credit card for further payment! Left very swiftly and found alternative accomodation at Holiday Inn Regents park for a cheaper rate and a room where you felt safe to close your eyes. Definately a place to avoid.	
	Cheap Clean Good location	Very basic but clean accommodation 3 mins from Tube station.Friendly staff.Did not try breakfast - however it was included in price.	
Aug 23 2009 	excellent budget stay in london	basic but clean bedrooms seperete toliet and shower blocks very quiet location minuets walk from saddlers wells theatre islington 5 mins walk best thing of all is the excellent cookded breakfast deffintly would use again	
May 26 2009 	Where do we start - absolutley dreadful is a compliment!	I booked this hotel for our Builders for 2 nights and to be told today that they were appauled by the condition of the hotel is a big disappointment to me.4 Rooms booked but one room they had to refuse to stay in due to the condition of the room. No Towels, no toilet roll, curtains hanging off the wall, stains on the walls, cobwebs - you name it! This day and age this should not be aloud - they should be shut down, I intend to take this further as we look after our builders and this is not acceptable.Would we recommend to a friend you ask?- we wouldnt recommend to our worst enemy!!! Very very disappointed!!	
	excellent	very attentive staff and lovely hotel. upgraded to a suite which was very luxurious. breakfast great with a good choice of hot &amp; cold.	
Nov 2 2009 	inadequate	Great location, quiet, friendly staff BUT rooms are made for midgets, shower is a death trap, hot water very unreliable and there are no closets.	
Nov 23 2009 	not a 4 star hotel	Good hotel, but rooms have no ventilation (windows can't open - we had a room on the front side- and ventilation in bathroom didn't work). Toilet was not very good cleaned (but that depends of course of the cleaner). Central heating (or airco, it's combined) was noisy (ventilator could not switch off). There is no bar, breakfast is not included (8,50) but is good.	
	RUDE STAFF REPULSIVE ROOM. NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. WORSE THAN A HOSTEL	This hotel has the rudest person in a customer service based job that I have ever had the misfortune to encounter. She lied, she accused me of lying, she was obnoxious and completely incapable of working in a hotel reception. No people skills and quite clearly no ability to deal with a genuine complaint. In our brief time at the hotel I hoverheard 4 seperate people making complaints about the facilities.We had booked 3 double rooms for a family break, as we were travelling seperately the others in the party arrived before my partner and I and had booked in. When we arrived we were told by the 'receptionist' that they did not have any double rooms left and that we would be in a tripple, she said that if we came down before 12pm the follwing day we could change our room to a double, we reluctantly accepted this, and made our way to the tripple room. The room was not what we would have expected from a travelodge (see photos). The bathroom was dirty and had dirty towels that had not been removed, there was a hole in the bathrooms door, the grout around the bath and sink was grubby, there was dry rot in the skirting and a disgusting brown build up of something unidentified around the join between the toilet and tiles, we had no soap, the plastic disposable cups had clearly been used by the guests before us (toothpaste stains etc) The dressing table/desk had no chair, there were what looked like brown liquid stains all over the walls from top to bottom (god knows what happened in that room?!?!) there were what looked like either vomit or hot chocolate stains down the side of the tv unit and finaly there was mould around the window. DISGUSTING. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. THE PHOTOS POSTED BY OTHER REVIEWERS ARE NOT REPRESENTATIVE OF ALL THE ROOMS IN THE HOTEL. ONLY SOME OF THE FLOORS HAVE RENOVATED ROOMS.As suggested the night before we went to reception to ask for our room to be changed, The receptionsist (a different one) said that this was fine and told us to pack our bags in preparation for the move. We were told to come back in the afternoon and our double room would be ready. When we returned the original rude receptionist was back on duty- to cut a very long story short - our double room was not available, she denied that the person we spoke to in the morning even existed, then when countered about it she said the woman didn't work there!!!! She denied that she had told us when we checked in that we could swap rooms, and basically accused me of lying and making it all up. The hotel was overbooked so our option was to stay in the room we had or to find another hotel. It appeared to be ok for the hotel to give someone else the double room we had booked and paid for before arrival but she refised point blank to give us a double room that someone else had not yet booked into even although it meant splitting up a party of 6 . In the end two of us had to move to another hotel. She arranged for us to be picked up by taxi and moved to another travelodge. As it turned out the taxi was unmarked and the driver dropped us off 10mins away from the travelodge. We had no idea where we were going and had to hail a black cab to take us there. When we got to the second hotel they had no record of us being moved! We had to wait an hour before the deputy manager was able to give us a room. He had to sort out the mess. I am not fussy, I expect a room of the standard that is being paid for, we paid 59 per night (room only), cheap by London standards. I was not expecting a palace but I was expecting to get a double room, get a clean room and have staff treat me with a bit of respect and dignity as a paying customer.	
Nov 22 2009 	So bad it was actually funny... like living in a comedy.	It was my 30th Birthday so my friends and I decided to rough it one night so we could have a lovely night out in London. On walking into the crowded reception we were pleasantly suprised. After waiting about 20mins to get to the desk the receptionist tried to check us in. We were half way through when a very very rude and unimpressed customer came and threw his weight around so we had to wait another few minutes while another member of staff tried to sort him out. We eventually got to our rooms or in this case more like army barracks but minus the cleanliness.The bedding seemed clean but that was the only bonus of the room. The next morning we went up to enjoy our 'Continental breakfast'... I use that phrase losely! It was really funny. A whole crowd of people waiting in line to make their toast on the single toaster (there was another one but it didn't work). The rest of breakfast was jam and butter and a variety of cereal. There was also a choice of coffee, tea and some juice. My sister had some apple juice which must have been diluted 1 part apple juice to 3 parts water. Yuck! After joining another couple on one of the remaining big tables and having some toast and butter, I decided to have a cup of coffee. I was just about to pour the milk into my cup when very rude waitor told me that the buffet area was closing, so I nodded and said 'okay' and continued pouring my milk, he then repeated himself more forcefully this time... I was gob smacked... and started laughing, I mean, what do you do when someone says that and you are already retreating from the table. I should have just put my coffee down and walked away maybe? It was absolutely hilarious!!! When we went back to the rooms, my friends card wouldn't work so she went back down to the reception to get it sorted out. Guess who came rushing through throwing his toys again... the same man from the day before. Anyway, we were really glad to be out of there. I looked at the photos of the hotel again and laughed some more... The pictures are NOTHING like the rooms we got. I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all!!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Worst Hotel ever	I've been in London, marvelous city, but I've had to sleep in that horrible hotel, where everything was absolutly dirty, I could say even disgusting!Please: the worst thing you can do is sleep there! It can even ruin your visit to London.Why let, a city like London, it be open?Marc.	
	Cool chic comfortable and central.	Enjoyed a 2 night 'theatre break' in the City and well pleased with our choice of hotel. Has benefited greatly from refurbishment and we enjoyed an 'Upgrade' at check-in. Beautifully appointed room, (view onto back of a church but we weren't there for a view!)with nice sleek minimalistic lines. Very pleasant staff. Got a good deal through website booking and found location ideal - easy walk to Covent Garden and Theatreland.	
	Great service top class cleanliness and and central location	Stayed at the Imperial midweek for a couple of days in November. Perfect location for visiting any part of London's West End, we were going to the theatre and shopping. Hotel reception cosy and relaxing. Staff were superb ( repeat superb) throughout, always hepful and polite. Twin room on third floor overlooking courtyard was large and had good quality lighting rather than the 40 watt bulbs provided by other hotels.Breakfast of hot and cold food ( all you can eat buffet) served to about 10 am, staff come around with tea and coffee which stops the buffet area getting clogged up.Very clean hotel and we would definitely stay here again. by the way the rooms are not air conditioned but you do not need that in London anyway.	
Nov 17 2009 	Checked out at midnight	Booked this based on TA reviews (against better judgement), but in an effort to save pennies. Should have followed my instinct, coming from / knowing London it all sounded too good for that price.Got there just in time to get keys from reception before they closed for the night. Not a particularly friendly welcome. Room was freezing, bed hard, small, tv so high on wall that I got a stiff neck watching it. It was dismal and miserable and I couldn't wait for my husband to turn up to go for dinner. Didn't unpack, sat on bed with coat on. After dinner, fuelled by a couple of bottles of wine I called another hotel for availability and on way back to Vicarage, we picked up our case, kept the taxi running and went elsewhere.With respect to anyone who can't afford more in London I feel heartily depressed that this represents good value for money and is considered a nice hotel option. I'm glad we didn't stay or sample breakfast.Lesson learned.	
	This the budget hotel that you need	The hotel is located in the very center of the London. It allows easy access to the main objectives, via bus or via underground.We arrived late and first impression in the lobby was of &quot;no frills&quot;.Room was very clean and it was kept like this for the whole 5 days of our staying: 5+ stars for the maintenance staff. Furniture was simple and practical and it fitted well with the neo style. Very comfortable bed, moderate size room for 2 ppl maximum (considering European standards, though an american might find it small, but nonetheless tiny); small bathroom, but not claustrophobic :). Because one has so many things to do in London and won't spend days in the hotel room, I feel this is really a minor thing. Great staff both at reception and also at the restaurant / breakfast room. Also maintenance stuff was very friendly and they did a great job.Very good breakfast for the price (with enough options like: English breakfast, fruits, French croissants, cereals, several varieties of tea &amp; coffee, etc). Some vegetables could be added to really make a difference. We stayed for 5 days and we had enough morning options not to feel bored :)I really recommend this hotel, it will be my first choice when visiting again London.Big price difference between online and lobby quote: book online, you might be able to stay up to 50% more days.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great hotel  great location	Stayed here while sitting exams in Clapham. First room I was given in the Copthorne wing was a bit pokey and dark so I asked for some lamps as I needed to study. The manager called me and moved me to a much better, brighter room in the Millennium wing. The staff were very helpful and kind.The room was very clean and comfortable with a lovely bed, nice furniture and a flat-screen TV. I had room-service a couple of times. One of the meals wasn't great but the other was lovely, so a bit hit and miss.I didn't try the health club as I thought 25 was a bit steep for a quick swim!I would stay here again though as the hotel is fine overall and the location, being a 5 minute walk from Fulham Broadway tube was great.	
Nov 23 2009 	Looked good but not very accommodating	I was due to stay at this hotel on business but the event was delayed by one week. Hotel refused to move date and charged full fee even though I guaranteed I would stay the next week. Staff not very helpful in this scenario. Business users beware.	
Apr 27 2009 	Its true you get what you pay for	Oh dear........where do I start. Stayed at this hotel because of concert at 02 arena and couldnt book a hotel closer to Greenwich (because of London Marathon next day). Not convenient for transport into and out of Stratford. Not a short walk to the railway/bus station but Route 25 bus stop outside front of hotel for onward access all areas, you would be advised against walking as local area is dodgy and a bit unsavoury. Hotel itself is dated and tacky. We were shown to a little hut in the car park which was surrounded by about 8 or 9 other little huts - think economy Butlin's chalets and you got it. No curtains above door so light poored in making it impossible to sleep. Shower was too hot and uncontrollable, no toiletries but a small bar of coal tar soap. Not able to get BBC1 on the TV all fuzzy, bed v.comfortable, didnt sleep very much at all. Didnt complain as it was only one night but, lesson learned, will definately not be staying here again. On the plus side breakfast included which was reasonably good, although a little rushed to accommodate other people. Hotel tarrif is cheap but you def. get what you pay for.	
Sep 12 2009 	this place should be condemned..absolutely disgusting and dangerous	do not look at the pictures on the web site, its nothing like !! never been to such a [--] hole in all my life..it should be condemned and closed immediately so it doesnt cause psychological damage to anyone else. Environmental health should be called in now. They have a notice on the window that forbids you to enter with any cameras or recording equipment (i wonder why ?) Steer well clear...this place is worse than a halway house for tramps and vagrants in a third world country .	
Oct 15 2009 	Average for London but beds are ridiculous small	First of all it is London we are talking about and everything is super expensive there. Whatever you consider a bargain it will come up with a big price tag.Keeping this in mind the Hyde Park Towers are ok. The location is very good 2 min walk from Baywaters station and entrance to Kensington Park. It is a considerably clean hotel and the part of the hotel the room was located was quiet. The remarks about sub-terrain located rooms are true and defenitely avoid those rooms. The breakfast is really good unfortunately the breakfast room tends to be overcrowded. The biggest downside of the hotel is the bed. Never seen a hotel with a double bed that actually qualifies only as single. On our complain the reception told us all beds in the hotel are of the same size. The rooms are small as well but suficient if you only want to rest, but you will not spend there more than 10 minutes awake and make sure you are not claustrophobic!After all I would only recommend the hotel for tight budgets. Everyone able to spend an extra 50 pounds per night go to one of the branded hotel chains.	
Nov 5 2009 	Major Renovations Needed	The only nice thing I can say about this place is that staff is very friendly and helpful. Apart from that the rooms were in a horrible state of disrepair. Stains on walls, light bulbs out, TV didn't work, Internet didn't work, sink was cracked, tiles were missing in bathroom, beds gave me bruises from the bad springs popping out ( seriously not kidding), room was very dark, paint makes you think of pepto bismo, and elevator button was a serious hazard issue.Sorry to say but for the money I have stayed in better in London.	
	I don't understand what the other reviews are complaining about.	I don't know what people expect, after reading the reviews I was a worried! It is hard to find a hotel of reasonable quality for less than 190 per night plus breakfastT for a single room. This hotel is a great price and is in an expensive location with lots of restaurants close by if you do not want to go far. For the money, it could not be faulted. It's not the best hotel in London but it is great value. Hotel looks great from the outside and reception is comfortable and inviting with sofa's and newspapers handy. My room was very clean, a small bath (which I would not have used) but otherwise excellent, slightly faded but that was the worst of it. Breakfast was good and was included in the room price. I was very happy and assuming that the price does not increase dramatically will stay here regularly.	
Sep 14 2009 	Pretty good for a reasonable price	I rate the hotel as above average because comparing it to those around the same price bracket (not expensive for London), I feel it performed well.The receptionist was very friendly when I phoned to confirm our booking a few days before, very friendly when we arrived, and again on check-out. This may be expected, but is certainly not always the case.Our room was clean and just what we needed. An extremely comfortable (reasonably firm) double bed. We were staying for one night after a gig at Wembley Stadium (for which this hotel is perfectly placed, just one tube stop and a couple of minutes walk away). The bathroom was clean and new-looking, the shower was hot and powerful. The bathroom was small, and the door didn't quite lock, but it didn't stop it serving our purpose.The breakfast was very good, and even the cooked items were put out buffet-style, which was very efficient as it meant no waiting around. I watched the dining room staff and they didn't miss a beat in clearing tables quickly, and topping up all breakfast items, juices, crockery and glassware. And in bringing tea and coffee They were polite - possibly not friendly as such - but it all ran very smoothly, and we didn't require any more than that and well cooked breakfast, which it was. The buffet set-up meant less waste, too, I think, as I didn't take more than I could eat, but it meant those with large appetites could keep going if they wanted to. There was also a good choice of cereals and - if I remember rightly - continental style items, too. And a choice of juices.Frognal is a busy area, so we felt safe walking back from the tube at night, but the hotel is just off a side street, so was very quiet. And there was a Pizza Express on the way to the tube, so ideal for eating something on the way to Wembley if not wishing to face their queues or prices!The room was fine, not huge, but how big do you need a bedroom to be?? And the light switches were crazy, so it was hard to find the right light. It was like a trick! But that's a minor downside for one night. May have driven me mad if we were there for longer!Would stay there for the same kind of trip again.	
Oct 6 2009 	Sick	me and my wife stayed 1 night in room 202, when we arrived the window was open,we closed it and went to bed, (we arrived very late) in the morning the fire alarm started about 08:00, so i got out of the bed very quick and steppt thrue the floor, i think that the disgusting carpet on the floor saved me from ending up in room 102, at the same time my soon that sleept in room 302 stept in to a mouse/rat trap that hade been put under his bed. nobody toold us that they have a problem whit rats.i couldent find any one to strangel so we went for breakfast, then we came back to our room there was a very nasty smell of somthing dead. i changed hotel very quickthen we went out to see London whit my limping son..is there no control for hotels in England??MR Conradsson	
	A reasonably Priced Hotel for its Central Location.	The location of this hotel is ideal for those who are planning a shopping holiday. it a about one minute away from Oxford Street. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the whole place has a welcoming feeling. The receptionist was very helpful and friendly. I will certainly be using this hotel in the future.	
	Marvellous stay at the Baglioni	Excelent boutique hotel in the heart of London. Great location, wonderful staff &amp; service, very comfortable &amp; stylish rooms, superb cocktails!The Concierge was wonderful &amp; got me an impossible (large) table at Hakkassan for Saturday night!The complimentary Jaguar car service was great as well having driven my wife all over the place.Free high speed wireless &amp; full movie entertainment in room was greatThe spa is great too!Will be back for sure!	
Sep 18 2009 	Mixed Review: Some Good Some Bad	We checked into the hotel for three nights, Thursday through Sunday, after booking it on their website based on some good reviews here. The good: location isn't bad -- a ten minute brisk walk from Victoria Station. The room was adequate though noisy (we were awakened each morning before 7 a.m. workers outside the building, garbage trucks, etc.), and the staff seemed accommodating (but see more later). We were fairly satisfied, and until check out, we would have given a higher rating, but then the problems began. We were told that we had a &quot;small&quot; balance for incidentals, but we hadn't charged anything, to our knowledge. The charge was for breakfast the morning after we checked in, a total of over $60US for two people. Despite the fact the desk clerk had told us upon arrival that &quot;breakfast is included with your room&quot; and gave us the hours for Friday morning, we were charged for Friday's breakfast. At no time had anyone on the staff informed us that this particular breakfast was not included (Saturday and Sunday's breakfasts were), and we even heard the breakfast attendants telling other guests each morning that their meal wasn't included. Our protests about the charge were denied by the desk clerk and manager, even the same desk clerk who had cheerfully informed us that breakfast was included. He then claimed he was just giving &quot;general information&quot; to us, not telling us we had breakfast each morning. So, we will not stay at the Rochester again, and I advise guests to eat breakfast at their own peril. And, if the Rochester responds to this, I will say that the meal policy is not explained well on your website, and your clerks need to be trained to give guests correct information. We paid the price for this.	
Oct 31 2009 	You pay a little but you get way less than what you paid for!!!	It was a bad stay start to finish. The staff are not friendly at all. The rooms were filthy, the sink does not drain, the beds were uncomfortable . When we tried to check out because of the filth they were very rude and charged us 3 nights cancellation fees although such a policy was not stated anywhere. Not only that although we paid the 3 nights cancellation fees in cash and when we got home we realized that they charged us twice!! once the cash we paid and the other on the credit card!! I would defiantly not recommend this hotel to friend or even an enemy!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Very good traditional hotel	We arrived to be greeted by Nathan the Doorman who gave sound advice about the congestion charge then took our car off to park it promising to return it at 3pm the following day for us to leave for home.Without exception, the staff were courteous, kind and willing. Our English breakfast was as much as we could eat, served promptly by the dining room staff.The bedroom, though not huge and with no view, was very comfortable, scrupulously clean and had everything we wished for.After our trip around Buckingham Palace we returned to The Rubens and had a bar snack. Having ordered what I thought was mushroom soup, it turned out to be a minty pea soup which was not to my taste at all and I was not charged for it. 3 pm came and Nathan had our car on the street for a quick getaway home. Great service, and we shall return.	
	Great hotel great location lacking on breakfast"	I went there with a group from school and it was a really nice experience. The rooms where really nice and everything was to our service. Local pubs and restaurants around the hotel made the stay even better. But from a grade 1-10, 10 being the best and 1 the worst, the breakfast buffet at the hotel was like a 6. After the first day eating there, the following morning all I ate was toast and coffee. The food overral wasnt that good, but besides that a very beutiful hotel.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great hotel in a good spot - ideal for sight seeing and more!	Booked the night before driving down to London - last minute idea for a long weekend.The drive down from the north west was very easy and stress-free. The hotel was also very easy to find. Arrived at the hotel at 5 past 2 and checked in straight away. Chose to stay in a &quot;club room&quot; which is just like a double room but with less empty space. More than ideal for what we wanted it for.The communal areas and the room were smart and clean and looked to be recently decorated. There was a TV on the wall but we didn't stay in the room long enough to use it for more than as background noise before we went out.The bed was good, the sheets clean. Bathroom was great. Clean with a good shower.A tray with tea, coffee and hot choc with a kettle was in the room. Towels were fresh and clean. No thing really to detract.I could even see my car in the car park from our window. Free parking too! Just what I was after.The hotel was just down the road from Wimbledon town centre which had lots of shops of all kinds. So if you get hungry, bored or want a new top for the evening, you needn't worry. And Wimbledon train and tube station was less than 10 minutes walk from the hotel. Perfect!We only stayed one night but could have easily stayed in the same room for a few more days. Storage space (shelves, etc) in the room was good and even a light sleeper like me slept well.We checked out the next day without any fuss or faff. I even asked to stay in the car park as it looked very secure to me. An extra 12 charge was asked for but that was ok as I didn't have to worry about the car until we were ready to leave again.All in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit London or Wimbledon especially if you are driving down.	
Nov 15 2009 	The Lanesborough is even more than they claim	Seriously, the Lanesborough is worth every penny (pence?) and then some. From arrival to departure, I have never enjoyed staying in a hotel more. The doormen were lovely, so personable! the front office staff, the guys in library bar, everyone warm and truly give the word hospitaltiy meaning. My 21 year old daughter stayed with me, and I have dragged her all over the world with me -- the Lanesborough is now her favorit (probably because she called our butler Tony at 3 am and he got her pickles and chocolates). Our room was fabulous, very clean and well stocked. the only negative (why must there always be something?) the flat screen in the armoire was so small it could not be seen from the bed -- and so far away from the bed the remote control wouldn't work very well. The room service was spectacular, from the superb coffee in the morning to the smoked salmon salad. One night when we were homesick Tony rustled us up some quesadillas. If you can find a better location, book it. We got right off the underground and were there -- stroll down to Harrod's, tea over at Buckingham Palace (well not exactly but we could have!) Oh, also I discovered I left my power cord to my computer at home, and had a presenation the next day. Of course Tony turned up with one! Pay it -- book it -- it's worth it. Love Lanesborough. Love Tony our butler, you are so funny!	
Nov 17 2009 	It's o.k. but not fabulous	I stayed here with my husband voor 6 nights. The hotel is o.k. but i would'nt stay there a second time i think,cause it's too small.This was our first trip to london, zo we knew that rooms are small and expensive and often not clean.With this expectation we arrived and I was glad that the room(216) &amp; bath were clean and nice. The shower is very narrow, for people with a little bit more weight on not suittable. towels were changed every day.We only stay there for sleeping :-) !The location is great, the staff is nice and friendly but the rooms are really too small !b.t.w. we didn't had the breakfast. Around the corner is a small cafe with a full breakfast for 3,80 pounds and good strong coffee witch was nice. A dutch girl	
	First clean hotelroom 	I must say that after 5 visits to London staying in 4, 3 and 2 star hotels I was definitely expecting the worst but hoping for the best. This hotel was a really valueworth with small but cosy and clean rooms, comfortable beds even for a tall Scandinavian (190 cm). The bathroom was also tidy with tiles on both floor and walls. Breakfast was offered as &quot;do it your self&quot; in a well equipped kitchen with all basic ingredients needed available at the basement floor. Good idea! If someone wants to buy fresch croissant and champagne, thats found on the opposite of the street in Tesco. The Tube (Several lines) and the Railroad are within 200 mtrs. Traffic is of course disturbing if one is allergic to the noise during the night, so might be good to have earplugs even if they had double-glass windows!	
Mar 25 2009 	Wonderful location and staff	This is an ideal location for exploring London, and is near two lovely parks, Green Park and St.James Park, which border on Buckingham Palace. The staff was very friendly and helpful with directions and theater tickets. We were a bit disappointed with the lack of advertised internet access, but apart from that couldn't have been happier, and feel this was a great bargain in a very exclusive neighborhood. There are many wonderful restaurants very nearby.	
Sep 20 2009 	Unbelievably Bad	we weren't sure about booking after seeing the previous reviews, but since they said they had redecorated we took a chance. On arrival the Room was as filthy as others have described and the net curtains were black. If they have redecorated, they must have sourced the paint, carpets and wallpaper from a demolition site!We refused to stay, and told them that as long as they didn't try to charge our card we wouldn't report them to trading standards for the description on their website.	
Aug 3 2009 	WE WERE STOLEN for the people who work in the hotel	Yes, we were stolen for the people from Afganistan who work in this hotel, they didnt tell what happend, to anabody, even the manager, less the owner, only the girl from poland, was kind, and help us, they open the room wiht the key, where we were out, they took gold, money, and more, we werent the only people who were stolen there.Take care about.	
	GOOD LOCATION	Although the room was small, and a little stuffy, it was clean and the the beds were comfortable and the showers hot. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Good atmoshphere in the local area, very close to Earls Court tube. Plenty of eating places for both young and older generation. Will go there again.	
Nov 19 2009 	I would stay again	For me it was prefect. Great price,very friendly staff and meet new couples from ther countries. It was close to the shops and all kinds of food shops. Very close to the tube which made London easy to get around. When we needed a taxi one call on our behave and top notch it was. Driver was friend and easy to talk to. I would stay again.	
Jul 5 2009 	If you do one thing in life make it NOT to stay here!	DREADFUL, TERRIBLE, EXPENSIVE MISTAKE.We were staying for a friend's 40th which was being held at the hotel.Very expensive for family room, small double and sofa bed which kids found too uncomfortable to sleep on. No soundproofing at all, sounded like we were in the middle of the noisy road outside, the broken window probably didnt help. Plus the emergency services all congregate outside during the night waiting for calls and then speed off with their sirens blaring.Hot rooms with no smoke detector, all wood floors and a complete tinder box. Thought that was against health and safety regulations.Could hear everything upstairs due to wooden floor, so no rest. In the end we got up and left at 6 am, as breakfast was not until 9 am on sunday morning.Would not recommend.	
Nov 25 2009 	Really nice week end break in beautifull hotel	A nice and friendly hotel in very convenient location. We really enjoyed our stay and will come back. The room was very good size with decent amenities and staff made us feel very welcome.Would recomment this hotel.	
Aug 18 2009 	Reasonable	We went to this hotel due to the price we paid.The hotel is very secure you have to ring a bell and they let you in through the CCTV camera's on the door. We stayed on the 4th floor room number 41, It was abit small but VERY reasonable it was suitated on the back of the hotel over looking other houses, (but this did not both us) There is only stairs no lift, so i would not recommend this hotel to anyone with mobility issues as we struggled up them and we are both in our early 20's!!!The breakfast is RUBBISH that what does let it down. you have to ask if you want Tea or coffee and you either have a cooked of 1 sausage, 1 bacon, 1 hashbrown and 1 fried egg Which is all nearly cold, but it takes 10 minutes to get to you!! It's lucky that there is a starbucks down the road on Oxford street for my tea.But i would stay here again just due to location and the price.	
Oct 21 2009 	In the middle of nowhere	This place is not a hotel ... not even a motel. It is near Acton Main Line station which is not on the main tube map which caused problems trying to find it the first night. Then on Sunday we found out that trains did not go from that station. The only other option was to walk 15 min down the road to Action Town station. The rooms were small and the bathroom was even smaller. There needs to be a shower mat as when your taking a shower water goes everywhere. They only gave us half a toilet roll for three days. The mattresses on the beds need to be thrown out ... we could feel the springs and it was three very bad nights sleep. The sheets were clean but there was only a very thin blanket on the beds which meant my father ended up sleeping in his clothes as it was so cold. The radiator didn't work and the TV only picked up three channels. We didn't try the free breckfast for obvious reasons.	
	Standard of room OK given the price but bathroom very poor.	Only a one night stay - bedroom was OK with comfy bed &amp; Breakfast was OK . BUT let down by very poor bathroom - (GF room to rear)Shower - Chrome peeling off shower head &amp; bar. Unable to adjust temperature satisfactorily - borderline between being frozen or scalded. The shower curtain was covered in black mould. No hot water in the evening when we arrived. The drain in the floor centre wasn't tiled right up to leaving a gap which could cause an injury to feet . Paint peeling off coving on the ceiling . Also the basin was very small - the sort that you would normally only find in a WC.	
	Great location	Just returned from 2nights stay at this hotel. About 10minute walk from London Bridge and Southwark Underground stations. We visited the O2 arena and a London theatre during our stay and found it a great central location which was very easy to get to.We arrived early on the day of check in and had hoped to leave our bags so that we could go on to our destination but check-in staff were really helpful and found a room available for us to check into immediately (at 10.30am). The room itself was great. Not the biggest but the bed was comfortable with fabulous black out blinds. Road outside was fairly busy so would suggest bringing along ear plugs unless you're used to city traffic. Continental breakfast was great with plenty of variety-we didn't find it necessary to upgrade to the full english but this is an option if you want. Also had an evening meal at the hotel-great value food and drink especially for London. Plenty of main courses for under 10 and very nice too. Other reviews have said that there isn't much nearby but Bourough market has plenty of lunch options while there is a high street about a 5minute walk away with plenty of different restaurant options. Staff were very friendly and helpful during stay. Would definitely stay there again and would recomend it especially for anyone arriving into London via Waterloo or Kings Cross national rail stations due to convenience. Kepp an eye out on their website as they are running offers for weekend stays!	
Apr 24 2008 	Very basic hotel. Dissappointing!	We stayed at this hotel during a quick weekend in London - we wanted something cheap but with a nice atmosphere and conveniently located. The hotel was unfortunately really dissappointing on all accounts. We had an online booking with the hotel so check-in was straighforward - standard room booked but on arrival we were told that there was renovation work goin on in parts of the hotel and that we had been upgraded to an executive room instead. Obviously we were quite pleased with this but on entering our room, we realized immediately there was nothing 'executive' about the room. Even by London standards, the room was very small - sort of like a long shoe box room. Room looked worn but was OK. Nothing special really. In the morning we could hear the builders moving around on our floor obviously working on the renovation. This is a 3 star hotel - the reception area was nice but everything about this hotel (in particular, the rooms) spelt out 2-star to us! Staff were OK - not friendly but not miserable or unfriendly either. The hotel has limited parking which if I remember correctly cost us 10 per day.	
Apr 28 2009 	Not so bad - not so good	We stayed at the Alexander Hotel last weekend when we went to see the London Marathon. I normally check things out with Tripadvisor first but we were pushed for time so I took a chance and made a booking then felt very worried when I read the reviews. So what was our experience?Well, on the positive side, it is very close to Victoria Station thus making London very accessible. We did not have any problem with the booking - we were late arriving but the nice woman on reception buzzed us in and was very polite and competent.The staff are mostly young European women and they were all helpful and charming. We were a bit early for breakfast but the young lady let us into the dining room and promptly took our order. The brekafast is not going to win awards but we had cereal followed by toast and scrambled egg along with a cup of tea. All perfectly adequate.On the downside, the rooms are small and although we had quite a nice tv in our room, the tiny one in our daughter's single room did not work. That said, we were out all day so that was not really an issue for us.The showers are ok but hot water is still hit and miss. The rooms are cleanish but they certainly are not particularly modern. My daughter thought her room was a joke when we opened the door to be faced with a doorless hanging wardrobe to the side and 2 white fire doors in front of us. In fact, the tiny single room was hidden behind these very springy doors. Hmm. Not sure that would impress anyone!Overall, they seem to have improved on the meet and greet front and the rooms are ok if you just want somewhere to dump your stuff and go off round London. The staff are also very good about allowing you to leave bags at reception once you check out.Would I use it again? Probably not.	
Nov 26 2009 	Simply the best hotel we have stayed in	We visit London alot for weekend breaks and have stayed at many good hotels there including Claridges and Browns. After our visit to The Stafford this is now the only hotel we will use when in London. A hidden gem ideally located with friendly staff , gorgeous rooms and a fabulous bar. Cant wait to go again.	
Jun 26 2009 	Don't Even Look at WEBSITE its worse than disgusting	This is not a hotel, not even student accommodation, but a squalid, dirty building with rooms. Don't part with any money as you won't get it back and I'm sure if you do book you will want to leave faster than a nlink of an eye!!Bed: dirty stained sheets, stained matress, smellycarpet: soiled smelly, drops of blood, paper on floor etc. Never been hoovered!Shower: Did hot step in as too frightened, smally, mouldy, dirty Left asap should be shut down its an insult to london	
Oct 25 2005	Home in London	My family just returned from a trip to London and a stay in a flat in the Belgravia section of London provided by Central London Apartments. Our experience was delightful for many reasons!First, the correspondence and business dealings with the staff at Central London Apartments, mainly Kate, prior to our arrival was nothing but professional and friendly. She went out of her way to make sure we had all the information we needed to complete the transaction AND to feel comfortable about it all, down to last minute issues with hiring a car from the airport and ordering a food basket.Second, the apartment was in a lovely section of Belgravia within walking distance of the tube and Victoria Station. The bedrooms were set back away from the street, as such offering quiet at bedtime. The bathrooms were clean and stocked with the necessary vanity products - shampoo, lotion, shower gel. There was a very generous supply of towels and lots of closet space. The carpets were a bit worn, as was the upholstery on the living room furniture, but within acceptable limits. Lots of room to move around! Maid service every day. The kitchen, as well, was clean and well stocked with cooking utensils and other supplies, including dish detergent and dish wipes. We even did more than a bit of cooking during our stay! With our additional purchase of a food basket containing basic items - tea, coffee, butter, bread - we were more than set. Not to mention the washer/dryer setup which is indispensable when travelling with 3 children!Last, we were in close proximity to Knightsbridge and foodshops like Marks and Spencer, Harvey Nichols, Harrod's and a large variety of cozy cafes and restaurants catering to both families and couples. Not to mention some awesome boutiques! The only downside to this particular apartment was at the time of our stay there was construction going on in the apartment building next to the one we were staying in. So, we were woken up by about 8am on weekdays by the tapping of construction crews in the building nextdoor. Surely this is a somewhat temporary situation. Needless to say, it would have been nice to know about it beforehand. To put a positive spin on it all, at least it forced us to get out of bed to see the town! No sleeping in!That all said, we would arrange lodging through Central London Apartments again. They are able to provide an affordable homey alternative to hotel stays for larger families or for those who just want to experience life in a big city as a local, or both!	
	ubiquitous large hotel but excellent value for money	Rooms were a decent size, very clean and very quiet. Excellent location and good value for money.	
	Good Location but very dated	This hotel is very well placed for South Kensington and Knightsbridge. Set in a quiet Georgian street 5 minutes walk from the Royal Albert Hall. The hotel is cheap and clean but is very very dated and in great need of decoration, the restaurant is located in a stuffy basement and I would only eat there as a last resort. Staff are friendly and helpful though.	
Oct 3 2009 	Worst hotel I've ever been to	There's no other hotel in any European country I've ever been to, to be worse than this one!The elevator was making a terrible noise, you could hear any noise from other rooms, the staff was so unhelpful and 'dangerous' looking, the breakfast was like from a 3rd world country, not Central London, the shaving kit in the bathroom was not working, the hair drier was not working, one window didn't close (!!!), I had to sleep with the window open, but most important was the fact that it was advertised that there will be WiFi and it wasn't. There was no coverage in my room. I earn my money from the Internet, they promised to offer that, but it wasn't. And they obviously didn't want to do anything about it.You REALLY have to consider before booking there.	
Oct 29 2009 	Location Location Location	We have just returned from The Holiday Inn Oxford Circus London. It is located across the road from Bond Street Underground station, Behind Debenhams, but in a very quiet area. The location is what this hotel has to offer. We used the subway to access all areas in central london easily, using a day pass for Stg 6.25 each, offpeak, (early morning is peak time).The Hotel itself offers small rooms, but normal for central London, helpful staff, and a good breakfast. The hotel stored our bags on checkout, and we collected at 5pm, along with a number of other residents. I would recommend the Hotel for its convenience, and value for money	
	One of the BEST	Stayed here for a weekend trip to London and my experience of the hotel was exceptional. The hotel is well situated and close to Kings Cross/Euston stations. On arrival the welcome was great, the receptionist was very smily and the welcome was natural. The room was clean, although a little small with little closet space, was fine for our 3 night stay. The restaurant and bar staff were the most friendliest i have come across in a long time. The food was great in both breakfast and the one time we had for dinner. Overall i would highly recommend and will be back to visit in in 2010. Thank you to all at the Ambassadors Bloomsbury.	
	Great location	i stayed here as it was close to Paddington and I was leaving the following day for Heathrow and could jump on the Heathrow Express. I had a single room on the 2nd floor (no elevator). It was VERY tiny and the bathroom was even tinier. I had to be careful when using the toilet as there was a ridge around the shower and I could have easily sprained my ankle. Quite frankly, the walk in closet I have in my apartment is larger than the bathroom was. This hotel, as in many others in London, does breakfast only one way. I've never understood why the cooks cannot scramble an egg. They can only fry them sunny side up. If you have a bowl and a fork, you can scramble an egg. But here they couldn't do that. In fact, when I asked, the waiter looked at me like I was from another planet and he didn't even know what scrambled eggs were!!It's an OK place to stay if all you want is a bed and tiny bathroom. For breakfast, I suggest Garfinkel's on the corner of Praed Street.	
Oct 11 2009 	Not worth to check in	We booked a double bedroom for 3 nights via a hotel booking portal 7 months in advance to arrival date and received one of the last available rooms at our late night arrival we gave advance note of.The room can be describe as a lumber-room only enough room to put a &quot;double bed&quot; (approx 1.40 x 1.80m size) in it, nearly no space left to move.The bed has been in an absolutly disasterous condition (way too small for two adults, a totally worn-out mattress), so we had 3 awful nights for 184 GBP in total (approx. 290 US-$ or 197 EURO).At least the hotel was located close to public transport and the room was clean.	
Nov 11 2009 	Does exactly what it says on the tin	This is a good budget hotel.The reception staff are friendly (Jana gave us a particularly pleasant welcome) and check in was easy and quick. The room was clean, large and had everything needed for a one night stay. Sure it's not the ritziest or plushest hotel, but you wouldn't expect that. What you do get is value for money.It's in a great location, just yards from Putney Bridge station, and our room was quiet with a river view. The windows did open to let in air, and the heating was adequate. No problems encountered at all - I'd return if I needed a cheap night's accommodation.	
Apr 9 2005	A real find!	We booked 4 rooms at the hotel when visiting Greenwich for a wedding. We arrived ahead of the agreed check-in but the staff were happy to let us into our rooms earlier than planned. The rooms were lovely, very original, each very different to the other. Ours on the third floor had its own outdoor balcony with excellent views of the city! Each room has special touches, all carefully chosen by the hotel owners. Our bathroom was very small but had every convenience required (though the shower flooded the floor as it didn't have a curtain)! We asked for sandwiches in the garden (before we left for the wedding) and the staff obliged though we had a considerable wait (perhaps owing to the fact that there were 7 of us and the food had not been pre-arranged). We arrived back at the hotel just before midnight just as a very loud birthday party (complete with disco) was finishing. But true to their word as soon as midnight came the disco finished and peace was restored (though you might want to check if any parties are planned during your stay as it could disrupt the sleep of those inclined to be in bed a little earlier!). Breakfast was excellent and the checkout smooth and punctual. Will definitely return on our next visit to the capital.	
Nov 23 2009 	Over-rated and poor value	We stayed one night on Saturday 21st November 2009 for our 10th wedding anniversary and got a special 'weekend reservation' rate for 172.50 room rate. The hotel staff and service are first class, but that is about it. The pictures the hotel uses to promote itself are misleading. We had visions of relaxing in the bar taking in the view of the Thames - but we were wrong! The bar area itself is tiny (half of it tucked away under the stairs leading to the mezzanine level). The two best seats in it were 'reserved' and as for the view of the river, you can only really see it from the top rooms at the hotel. The bar is set back overlooking the pool building which is in front of the hotel. Value for money is appalling. If you are a business traveller with a generous expense account - no problem. Otherwise, avoid. I had a small glass of beer (less than half pt) - it was a fiver. There are no tea and coffee making facilities, so we had a pot of weak tea for two delivered - nine quid including service! The valet car parking was on offer at 34, but you can park round the corner at weekends for a bargain 5 for 24 hours! We refused to pay 50 for breakfast for two, so passed on that. The rooms are big and the beds are very comfortable, but we had a city view which is not so glorious. The Virgin active health club next door which is included is absolutely superb. The spa and pool are stunning. The pool sits right above the Thames with great river views. All in all, I wouldn't go back here unless I was a business traveller on expenses.	
Oct 16 2008 	Perfect for some	I read many conflicting reviews here before booking the Chelsea Lodge Hotel for my recent trip to London. One post would say, the rooms were filthy, while the very next insisted that at least everything was spotlessly clean. Heres my take, and yes, it is a positive review, you just have to keep reading:My group booked three rooms for three nights. We ended up only staying for one as some of the inconveniences were too difficult for us. We knew that it was a multi-story hotel with no elevator and so requested rooms on the lower floors. We received two rooms on the second and one on the third, which was much what we expected.Nicola, the woman who seems to run the place almost single-handedly, was a gem and actually handled the bulk of carrying our bags to our rooms as we were (a) tired and (b) stereotypical Americans who are unused to stairs much less stairs when encumbered with 50 pound suitcases.The whole place is a bit careworn, with bald spots on the carpets and peeling wallpaper. However, that can easily be dismissed (by most) as charming. My main worry, from the reviews Id read, was cleanliness. There were things that could have been cleaner (door jambs, light switches, windows) but the things that matter most to me (shower, toilet, bedding) were immaculate. Nicola was always there and eager to do anything to make her guests happy. While waiting for our rooms to be cleaned, we adjourned to the first floor pub which has also seen better days and seems to be held together with duct tape. However, the bartender, whose name I didnt catch, was every bit as solicitous as Nicola, and instantly made the Americans  they want ice with everything connection.We checked out early mainly because of difficulties with communication. Our cell phones didnt work there and we were unable to make the in-room phones work for us so coordinating things was a bit tough. (One of our rooms had a toilet that needed a secret code to flush but thats another story.) We ended up finding a hotel down the street that had wifi and a restaurant and was better suited to our needs but for the traveler who is a bit more adventurous, more self-sufficient, this hotel is a low-price, clean where it counts, customer service oriented find.I especially loved the fact that when we told Nicola we were checking out early, she never asked why, just checked us out with a smile, picked up a suitcase and started down the stairs before thanking us and wishing us a safe journey.Upshot  not right for me but absolutely perfect for many travelers looking for an inexpensive, quirky London hotel.	
Nov 21 2009 	Rooms somewhat dated - Otherwise all OK	This hotel, with its nice lobby and breakfast and excellent location, is slightly let down by its small and dated rooms. Overall you will have nothing really to complain about if you are here on business or you need to be in the heart of London. But if you intend to spend some time in the rooms then the rooms are missing the 'feel good' factor.Tip - Dont park for 25 in the hotel. You can park in Orme Lane for 2.20 an hour and free after 6.30 PM till 8.30 AM.	
Nov 6 2009 	Will Return	My husband and I stayed for 2 nights at the Avni Kensington and throughly enjoyed our break. The rooms are very clean and stylish, with a modern bathroom, flat screen tv, plenty of cupboard/drawer space and tea and coffee, and no unnecessary clutter with things like arm chairs or trouser presses. The breakfast is continental, with a good amount of choice and kept us going till lunch. The hotel is very reasonably priced for London and the rest of UK. We've paid far more for a worse hotel!The area is really lovely residental area and felt very safe. Surrounded by beautiful architecture, shops, banks, restaurants, pubs &amp; bars, museums, and a 5 min walk from Gloucester Road Station.We will definitely be returning!	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent	Excepting the area(railway, site constructions etc) everything else is great. The apartment was fresh, clean and well equippet. 10 min from the building we had shops, restaurants and the tube station is quite close.The girls from the front desk are incredibly nice, funny and extremly helpfull, they gave us all the information what we needed. We will definitley stay again and recomand to our friends.	
	Great Hotel	My husband and two teenagers stayed at the Hilton Islington from November 20-26. We arrived at the hotel at 10:00 a.m. and our rooms weren't ready until after 1:00 p.m. but the hotel staff did everything possible to make us feel comfortable. We reserved a double room for me and my husband and a twin room for the kids. Our son came over from Swansea and stayed in the twin room and the kids weren't crowded. Both rooms were very clean and there was plenty of room to get around. We had questions every day for the concierge and they were very helpful.	
Oct 7 2009 	Fantastic budget hotel for mini break	Myself and my friend ended up in this hotel last minute.We were staying in London for 3 days and 2 nights, the previous night we stayed at another hotel (The Grapevine/Olympic House) It was terrible so we moved across to the Edward House Hotel. We walk in on a Friday morning at 9.30 and the lovely manager provided us with a room straight away and also offered us breakfast when the kitchen was due to close. He was very friendly and accomodating advising us if we needed anything just to ask. A wonderful budget hotel within a fantastic location and cheap. Ensuite room was basic but spacious, comfortable and the shower was brilliant. Tea and coffee making facilities with hot chocolate too! All branded products. Would definitely recommend staying here for a mini break.	
	Not as bad as others found it!	So....with much fear after reading reviews on this place my friend and I ventured to this hotel for a two night stay. We had booked a while ago (the most recent reviews were really bad!). On arrival yes I had to hand over a card. But the guy at the desk was courteous enough and I couldn't be bothered making a fuss. I have stayed in far worse places than this. We never found the staff rude at all! The room was very clean, spacious enough with a fridge, little cooker and microwave. The bed admittedly wasn't the best but after two days trekking round London we slept well. The location is fab! Both Bayswater and Queensway are so close. The road these stations are on are packed with restaurants. I have to say visit Cafe Roma for breakfast, this little gem can be found on the way to the underground if you go right out of the hotel. Bus stop round the corner can get you to Oxford Street and Victoria Station. In a nutshell, if you want luxury, pay for it! If you want a decent budget hotel in a good location, this is fine!	
Nov 16 2009 	clean good location 	i stayed in this hotel because i had to catch an early train ride to paris the next morning. i stayed for only a night. the rooms were clean and nice - but a little bare. location was great (for my purpose) and it was excellent value for money. food and necessities were also easiliy available as this hotel was located in a pretty busy corner. the staff were also very friendly - one helped me book a trip to stonehenge.	
Nov 12 2009 	More like a youth hostel	What they don't tell you in your Internet search: No elevator. I had to lug my very heavy suitcase up to the 4th floor. The rooms are incredibly tiny. There's just enough room for the bed and a desk, not much else. I'm constantly tripping over my things because there's not enough room. The room is always too hot, so you have to leave the window open and endure the wailing of ambulances which constantly race by on the street. No tub and the shower height adjustment is currently held together with electrical tape. The shower is so tiny that even I, at 5'5&quot; and 140 pounds felt like a giant. Large people will not be able to enter this shower, that's how small it is. There's no &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign and despite telling the desk several times not to enter my room, they did anyway. There are no fire sprinklers or fire escape to get out of what would essentially become a barbeque pit in event of a fire. And finally, the Internet service was extremely poor because they have not engineered it to reach all of the rooms. If you are totally on leisure and want to save some money, this is the place to be, but if you like amenities or need to get business done, this is not for you. Oh, nearly forgot that the included breakfast is a joke consisting (when I went this morning) of toast and orange juice.	
Apr 29 2009	Quiet and Comfortable	The hotel was pleasant and ran by friendly and helpful staff. The room was smaller than expected but still comfortable. There was a good selection for breakfast.It has a close proximity to Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts.I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 26 2009 	The perfect London hotel - but check the invoice	This is a truly wonderful London hotel. The rooms are modern, comfortable and spacious, with superb facilities. It is superbly located - in the heart of theatreland, walking distance from Trafalgar Square, the National Gallery, Covent Garden, Westminster, the Royal Parks, Buckingham Palace and (on the other side of the revier) the National Theatre and Royal Festival Hall - not to mention one of the best views of the River Thames at Waterloo Bridge just a few metres away. This inevitably means heavy traffic all around, but there is almost no disturbance from traffic noise, thanks to the soundproofing of the window glazing.Service is polite, attrentive and helpful. The public areas are stylish, with a great bar, and the excellent Axis and Indigo restaurants belonging to the hotel. We dined at he Axis and had breakfast in our room - the food was very good indeed.None of this comes cheap, although it is worth checking for deals. The only real fly in the ointment was that, when we checked out, the bill (invoice) presented to us overcharged us (in two respects). This was almost certainly inadvertent, and they readily corrected the error. But it suggested a slapdash approach to invoicing, at variance with the overall professionalism of the hotel.But overall - highly recommended.	
Oct 23 2009 	BED BUGS AT THIS HOTEL	Will never stay in an EasyHotel again - I have at least 10 bed bug bites - reception staff entirely uninterested.l	
Nov 14 2009 	Tolerable hotel in great location	Would we go back? Perhaps, but we'd search elsewhere first. For two nights, this hotel suited our needs by being a short walk to Victoria Station. We expected a typically small London room &amp; no lift to 3rd floor which is exactly what we found. Room was reasonably clean but shower didn't drain well &amp; water collected around our ankles. Hate that!!! Friends on 1st floor had same issue. (It's possible that workman in the building at the time would remedy that situation.) Also, I'm 5'2&quot; and couldn't sit straight on the toilet because my knees hit the shower. Breakfast was decent with a choice of hot or cold fare. Hot meal included an egg, a sausage, beans, &amp; toast. Strangest thing was the night clerk who was sleeping on the floor in the office doorway when we left in the early AM.	
	Why go anywhere else?	A recent two night weekend break started with great excitement when we entered our room 510, stunning room, clean, well equipped with lovely balcony views, (even if there was a lot of scaffolding to see - I guess that's to be expected thou - and it certainly didn't dissolve any of our pleasure) we could see the Post Office Tower and in the opposite direction the London Eye. The hotel staff were polite and friendly throughout our stay, although one waitress was a bit short with us at the bar but then seemed to come round more friendly when she realised we were actually guests at the hotel! and service at breakfast could be improved as I'm sure table service at this level shouldn't include leaning over us to place or collect items! But the concierge came up trumps on our first morning with a letter for my wife containing two surprise tickets for the theatre (yes - I set it up and yes - she was thrilled!!!!) We really enjoyed our evenings in the lounge and library where we indulged in many wonderful cocktails although I would have liked the bar even more had it stayed open later than 12.30 (despite an honesty bar). The hotel is in a great location and just a few minutes walk to Chinatown or Piccadilly and even at night felt perfectly safe. Expensive? yes. Worth it? as a special treat certainly, in fact currently considering re-booking for another show next February. In answer to my title question - I know there must be other hotels of this quality but why take the risk!! One last tip - use the City of Westminster car park at Newport Place in Chinatown, it may smell a bit but it's secure and good value if you book online plus it's 5-6 minutes walk to the hotel.	
Nov 25 2009 	A lovely hotel friendly staff and a great location!	My husband and I were fortunate enough to stay here after winning a competition and the staff treated us like royalty! We checked in about mid-afternoon after exploring London and braving Regent Street, and the check-in staff and concierge were some of the friendliest hotel staff that we have run into in ages. Nothing was too much trouble for them and when we saw our room, we were amazed at the size! To be fair, we wound up in a suite, but it is definitely worth staying in one if you have the chance and the money. The bathroom was huge for a London hotel, with a separate bath &amp; shower. The bed was enormous and very comfortable, with the room topped off by a very nice tv. We also had cocktails and dinner at the hotel, which we would definitely recommend. The cocktails were lovely, though pricey - expected in London though! We had the 3 course meal, and definitely felt like we got our money's worth for it, with the lobster bisque and the steak, not to mention a lovely cheese board. The wine list had a good variety as well, with a range of price points to suit most budgets.The only downside we could find to the hotel was the fact that they don't have wifi, but I imagine that's down to the building materials in the building; we were more then happy with the internet connection using the ethernet cable.We would definitely stay at this hotel again due to the great service and great location.	
	Avoid this hotel	The entrace reception is lovely and that's where it ends. The room was a single room with a double bed in it, paint was peeling of the walls, the window frame was rotten so the windows would not shut properly. The so called entrance door which should be fire rated had a 50 mm gap at the bottom, ideal to limbo under. How this passes health and safety regulations we do not know and it looked like all doors where the same. The bathroom was so small approx 1.8m by 1 meter almost impossible to shower in. the shower was sealed around the edges with strips of lead as used on roofs. The carpet was so old it was fraying around the edges and black with dirt. No remote for tv. No hair dryer. No bags in bathroom for ladies disposal of personal items.Breakfast !!!!!! when you have queued 15mins to get into the breakfastroom, only to find staff running round like headless chickens, no organisation at all. then you queue again for your breakfast to find things have run out and you wait 10 mins for some replacements, by the time you get to the toast it has run out again, so the rest of your breakfast gets cold waiting for the toast.!!!! the kitchen must be for a 3 bedroomed house not a big hotel. Well at least it was near Hyde park which is closed at dark for safety so no good if going to Royal Albert Hall as looong way around. Avoid this place at all costs, over priced and very poor value.	
Nov 23 2009 	85GBP Bought Me A Closet	I stayed 2 nights in this hotel. My room was literally like a closet. There was no room to set my suitcase down!The staff were not friendly except when it came time to take my money.The room had a bedspread that had burn marks on it. Everything about it was run-down and dirty.I saw a lot of other hotels on the same street that would be worth paying a bit extra for to be comfortable.I won't return.	
Feb 27 2009	Fabulous value and friendly	Fabulous value accommodation in London. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The food was excellent. We sat out on the terrace overlooking the park. What a beautiful location. I am looking forward to staying here again next month.	
Nov 25 2009 	"Don't judge a book by its cover"	If you look on the hotel's own website, you will see that the public rooms are beautiful. However, the bedrooms leave a lot to be desired. We first became alarmed when the lift door opened and the opposite wall was about two foot away. Our room was small, and whilst the bedding and surfaces were clean, the carpet was not. The attached photos will show exactly how shabby the room was, and as for the bathroom - we have cupboards at home which are bigger. Open the door and immediately in front of you is a tiny sink, completely inadequate for doing anything more that rinsing one's hands. To the left was a shower tray and to the right, a toilet. From front to back it measured no more than two feet (60cms). We were told at reception that all the rooms were the same. The only thing going for it is it's location and a pleasant staff.	
	Excellent - we will be back	We have just spent 3 nights at this hotel and really enjoyed our stay. Reception area was very attractive and the Christmas trees were up which added to the ambience. Reception staff were very accommodating when we arrived 2 hours early they found us a double room right away. It was very spacious, clean, well decorated and there were nice products in the bathroom. We ate in the restaurant on the first night, the food was good and there was an exceptionally friendly Spanish waiter who was really helpful. Breakfast was excellent plenty of choice and something for everyone. There is a well equipped little gym with sauna which we intended to use but sadly we ran out of time. Gloucester Road tube station is only 3 mins walk away which made it easy for us to get around the capital. There are two good little pubs nearby and some shops and cafes. The only negative thing I have to say about the hotel is that the towels were really small and thin - it's about time they were changed for new fluffy BIG bath towels.	
Nov 1 2009 	Perfect location very cozy friendly and very helpful staff!	I and a friend of mine decided to visit London in late august for a week. We went there to see some musicals, visit tourist attractions and just enjoy the city. I have been there before but loved it and needed to come back. Going to the hotel was a great idea. It was refereed to me by a friend from Spain who also visits the city occasionally. I was glad to see that it is 3 minutes away from the tube and the bus stop. In front of the small cozy hotel there is a park and a large shopping centre nearby. Very close to Notting hill and Kensington. When we arrived I had issues with my baggage and the owner immediately helped me along with one of the girls working there. The whole stay was great. Breakfast was great, the rooms nice and clean. I am definitely staying there again when I go back to London.	
Aug 19 2009 	Very disappointed - lack of customer service	On arrival at the Premier Inn, Edgware the staff could not find my reservation. After checking their system thoroughly I was informed that the required fax from their booking agent 'Booking.com' had not been received. I was told that as the hotel was full I had no room. Premier Inn firmly laid the blame with Booking.com having not sent the required fax but let on that this was not the first time it had happened recently. I questioned whether they may have perhaps lost the fax? 'No way' they replied. Premier Inn were not prepared to rectify the problem on behalf of their booking agent. After persisting I was offered a disabled room at the Premier Inn, Harrow but was ordered to pay an ADDITIONAL 17 for this inconvenience. Having no choice other than this, and having wasted over an hour by now I accepted, however on arrival at the room at Premier Inn Harrow we found that the room was located next to a busy railway line. Rather than offer good customer service Premier Inn staff wanted to made 17 on an unoccupied room!!! Gobsmacked we walked away paying nothing. Ended up having to drive home and abandon the 'mini' break.	
Oct 2 2009 	Pretty horrible - avoid unless it's the cheapest you can find	I've stayed in about 20 of London's cheapest hotels, and this is the second-worst (the worst being the Northumberland in Kings Cross).The decor hasn't been touched since about 1981, and all the nooks and crannies are full of dirt. There was a long black hair on the tabletop in my room. The room did have a freestanding shower cabinet, but so old and grimy I could hardly bear to look at it, let alone use it. It also had a TV, which is unusual for a cheap hotel, but the reception was appalling.Bizarrely, the room was packed with unnecessary furniture - a wardrobe, a chest of drawers, a bedside table and even an ancient fridge - but the few things that really would have made a difference (a lampshade on the bare bulb, a bedside light) were missing!Having said that, the bed was comfy and I slept very well.The breakfast room was surprisingly light and pleasant, but breakfast was unimpressive: Tesco cornflakes, concentrated orange juice, and scrambled/fried eggs with white toast. I know budget hotels can't exactly offer a full English; but they could at least have stretched to a choice of cereals.I definitely wouldn't stay here again unless I could get it for much less than the 35 I paid.	
Nov 24 2009 	Wouldn't use again	Arrived at hotel, which is tucked away from oxford street at the far end of marble arch . I was greeted by a poorly spoken member of reception staff who had diffuclity in retriveing my booking, having eventually retrived my booking from the system they checked me in. I was given directions to the room and left to my own devices.Having found the room eventually, via a very small and slow lift, I was suprised to find the suite was fairly spacious and clean.After a early evening performance at the theartre, we decided that we would return to the hotel to have dinner in the very nicely decorated restaurant, unfortunatly the food was far inferior than the surroundings, we recived our starters that were described as a hot starter served only slightly warm, then the main course comprissing of a fillet steak, which I had requested medium rare appearing on my plate clearly over cooked and served with cold vegetables, as was my wifes choice of main course, having waited a further 10 mins to get the attention of the waiter, by which time we had gone off the thought of eating, we decided just to have coffee instead, to be fair they did offer to replace our main course, but we had waited 30 mins in the first place between our starter and main course. We did complain in the morning and the food was deducted from our final bill. Will not be using this hotel again	
	Great value smart clean modern hotel	I have now stayed at this hotel twice in the last month and have stayed at other Shaftesbury hotels in the area this year. Having spent most of my business travel staying in big top hotels outside of London this year I am a little spoilt. Finding a decent hotel for a decent price in London is hard work and this company have hit the right note with a fair mix of cheap rooms (for London) with smart, fashionable, modern, clean rooms. This hotel is in a great location very close to Paddington and Lancaster Gate tubes and handy for the bright lights of the west end and the parks. For the money you will have to relinquish any thought of large spacious rooms, they are a little on the tight side but as I am travelling alone and do not normally spend much time in the room this was not a problem for me. The rooms are modern, well kitted (tea, coffee, complimentary biscuits, an iron which is great for business travellers). Good television set and clean stylish bedding and free broadband (and its quick). The service is ok and far from the worst and again it is all reflected in the price (book via the Shaftesbury group website for great prices 75 for a deluxe double). The breakfast is fantastic for the money (the acid test for any in England is the sausages and bacon and they are good here and not the usual 'frozen' fair). There are a number of reviewers complaining of turning up with no room...check out the terms and conditions when booking as some prices do not guarantee a room at the hotel you have booked but you are then ferried to another of the groups hotels. There are about 10 in a 0.5 mile vacinity so not too far and they are all alike. I now use no other hotel chain when staying in London (and this is someone used to the Hiltons and Radissons of this world)	
Nov 11 2009 	Ideal for Bloomsbury area	Having stayed in Hilton Hotels before we looked for one that was convenient for Euston (5 minute walk) and the British Museum (10 minute walk). The twin bedded room and bathroom were both a good size and the beds were extremely comfortable. We had an internal room overlooking the Fitness Centre and consequently there was no external noise at all.The Restaurant is in a conservatory and is attractively set out. The Table d'Hote was excellent and the chef should be congratulated on his innovative use of the food. Two minor comments: on the second night we were placed by a door at the far end of the restaurant and there was a draught - avoid that table! Secondly, after a good meal the coffee my husband requested was a bit of a surprise. He expected a small cup to finish off the meal - instead was served with a Costa coffee in very large, and heavy cup, - not at all the way to serve an after dinner coffee especially as he only drank about a quarter of the cup and the price was also high. He didn't bother to order one the second night but made one in our room.The breakfasts were - as always - of the standard you expect from the 'Hilton Breakfast'. Plenty of choice both hot and cold to set you up for the day (no porridge here though which was a pity on a cold morning). The service was very good and tables were cleared efficiently and quickly.All the staff were professional and pleasant and provided the quality of service that we have come to expect from the Hilton hotels. We will certainly return.	
Apr 20 2009 	So farewell then . . .	How sad - the Royal Adelphi was an absolute Godsend, convenient for my office and amazing value for Central London. I last stayed there earlier this year and it was its usual shabby, friendly, welcoming self. Yes, the furniture, carpets and TVs all belonged in the 1970s (or in a skip) but the place was clean and for GBP55 including breakfast, who's complaining? Well done to all the staff who were always friendly and welcoming and kept the place clean and decent. RIP.	
	Quite Close to Perfect	Stayed here for 4 nights over the Thanksgiving holiday and was slightly apprehensive based on reviews. However, we found the Landmark almost perfect in every regard. The hotel is beautiful, spotlessly clean, with terrific public areas for lounging. We were unable to check in immediately as our flight arrived quite early, so left bags to go out to explore London. Upon return, room was ready and bags were already delivered, and a kind reception staff member showed us personally to our room. We had booked the lowest price, queen room, and it was large (we swear the bed was larger than queen) with two armchairs, a desk, two large windows overlooking Marylebone Road, and a lovely bathroom and nice amenities. We had no issues with road noise (could barely hear the odd ambulance go by). Service was impeccable -- we repeatedly ordered ice and it was delivered within 5 minutes every time.As for location, it is a bit off the beaten track; however, it is in a very nice neighborhood with a number of excellent restaurants within walking distance (we tried Veyna for excellent North Indian/Pakistani and also had a marvelous experience at ultra-sophisticated Orerry on Marylebone High Street - which also has great shopping). The convenience of the Tube station was key, and the station also contains a number of food and drink options and a coffee kiosk if you don't want to pay Landmark prices. Concierge service was outstanding as well.I booked this hotel via Expedia and got a very good rate. Given the location, level of service, beautiful public areas and excellent room, I would highly recommend the Landmark to anyone traveling to London.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great hotel fantastic location excellent staff	The rooms were quite large for Europe. We had great weather, so the lack of a/c was hardly a problem, the fans were sufficient for us, as we were on the 2nd floor. The first night we were in the basement next to the trash, until we asked to be moved. All of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful and would print out directions for us every night. The mini kitchen was also great. There's a market down the block so we could store some food and microwave it, so we wouldn't always have to eat out.	
Nov 21 2009 	NOT recomending!	I am afraid I am going to disagree, on many points, with the last 2 reviews. First of all I would like to point out this is a Georgian Town House not a Victorian Town House as previously stated.THE NEGITIVE POINTS: - My main complaints are about our room. Our bedroom [room 9 on the 4th floor] had to be the most depressing room I have ever had the misfortune of paying 120.00 a night for!The wallpaper was hanging off the walls and the ceiling was adorned with, once white, polystyrene tiles; I wonder if Mr Alam knows how big a fire hazard these things are? And speaking of fire hazards, the isolator cord switch for the shower was wired back to front. My husband, who is an electrician, only discovered this by accident! The bedroom door only locked with the key, which was so loose that it kept falling out of the keyhole every time you went to turn it: I would hate to think what could happen if there was a fire! There were mirrors everywhere; probably to compensate for the fact that this double room measured approx 10ft x 16ft and that included the en-suite! All the furniture in the room was really cheap and tacky and had seen better days. I could not find any tea/coffee making facilities; on there web site it states these are available in every room.The enamel bath had large chips in it. The blue and white shower curtain, which I think hasnt been replaced since the room was decorated in the 80s, was a disgusting yellow colour at the bottom. [see pic]. The sliding door to the en-suite didnt slide [until my husband fixed it].Another couple staying on the same floor as us were so appalled by their room they did not stay another night, leaving 1st thing in the morning to seek alternative accommodation! The room where you register was the only room that I saw decorated with any sort of authenticity, with its beautifully wood panelled walls..but then, there was that poster sized, flee market, print of Blondie in the middle of the wall!On the Hotels web site they state that the hotel dcor is Heavily influenced by the &quot;golden twenties&quot; I did not see any evidence of this.. Did they have sticky-baked-plastic in the Georgian period or indeed the &quot;golden twenties&quot;? [see pic].If I had friends coming to stay with me and this was the state of my guestroom I would be embarrassed. Breakfast was included in the price. This consisted of a glass of fresh orange juice, 1 and only 1 rasher of bacon and some scrambled egg, 2 slices of toast with the choice of either marmalade or jam and coffer or tea.THE POSITIVE POINTS - there are only a couple, but nonetheless important: - The bed was very comfortable, sheets were good quality cotton and laundry was spotless. The staff were friendly and polite [though some a little more exocentric than others; but what the heck, were in England!].	
Nov 19 2009 	Nice hotel in a very good location - great for business or pleasure	I stayed here just for one night in November. Got a rate of 175 room only via Late Rooms which I thought was expensive - but this is central London.Hotel is well equipped. Rooms are really nice with a good bathroom/shower and separate toliet. They've done a good job in designing the rooms to maximise space without sacrificing the square footage so the rooms feel spacious.Good in room entertainment and otherr amenities as you'd expect but the clincher really is the location.Good bar (fairly expensive) and restaurant with very impressive communal areas/reception.You are a few minutes from some of the nicest parts of London. Fantastic for tourists and very accessible for business - a five minute walk from Tower Bridge.	
Oct 31 2009 	Dirty and undriendly	I stayed here for a few nights and regretted it. The room was dirty; the tv did not work and even more importantly the staff were the unfriendliest I have ever met. The female ;olich girl who works in the breakfast room could not crack a smile and did not know the meaning of customer service. Don't stay here - there are plenty of other hotels in Earls Court	
Oct 26 2009 	Aston's Apartments are good value in an expensive city.	Aston's is very well located in a quiet street in Sth Kensington with a short walk to to the Glocester Rd Tube station. We took the Executive Apartment which is bigger than the standard one and has a good bathroom. Well worth the extra cost. Self catering with good supermarkets close by makes an easy alternaive to eating out all the time if staying for more than a couple of days.	
	Small but satisfying	After reading some of the negative reviews on this website, we decided to upgrade as we arrived at the hotel. The upgrading from standard double en-suite to executive double en-suite cost us 15 a night, and it was well worth the money. We were explained that the standard rooms were very small, with room little more than the bed. When upgrading we got a small, but rather nicely furnished bedroom, with a high double bed (with wooden carvings India style), with room underneath to stack the suitcases. There was a TV, a big Indian wardrobe, and a desk. Big windows facing Trebovir Road. The bathroom was small, but nice with tiled walls and nice equipment, and clean (!). The first morning the breakfast room was full, so we decided to have breakfast in a local cafe instead, but the next two mornings we ate at the hotel. Breakfast was good and plenty: rolls, bread for toasts, croissants, muesli, fruit, cheese, coffee, tea, juice, milk......Service was also good. Our room was not ready when we arrived so we left our luggage in the foyer, and on return, the luggage hade been placed in our room. The next morning we discovered that the electric kettle was not clean (probably some earlier guests have been warming milk or something in it) and when we pointed that out, the kettle was changed immediately.Some of the other reviewers complain about the room size. I quite agree, everything in this hotel is very tiny. The web side photos are almost real size photos! Tine reception, tiny rooms, narrow staircases, but if you're not planning to spend much time at the hotel, it serves your needs. The location is very convenient: 1 min from Earls Court underground station..	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent location	The hotel is a good value for London. It is close to 2 underground metro stops and the Portobello Market was right around the corner. There are lots of restaurants and shops close by as well as laundry and postal facilities. The room we had was very reasonably sized and the bathroom was also bigger and more modern than expected. The hotel is clean. It is a hit and miss with the hotel reception employees. Some are great, others are not so nice and helpful. We did try the breakfast once or twice. Not very good, nothing what we expected. We are vegetarian and it really makes it hard to have a good breakfast when all you can eat is bread. Overall, I would probably stay at this hotel again.	
	This is a 3 star hotel	I booked for 2 rooms through superbreak and was very disappointed with the dated room and especially the bathroom. My friends room was even worse with very dodgy electrics and although the tv was reported it didn't work no one acturally went to fix it.We had to ask for soap which you would think would be provided! and the shower curtain rail was placed above your head, so when you had a shower it stuck to your body!The bar was very expensive with 4 drinks costing 18! however the restaurant was very good and helpful staff.When we went down for breakfast the queues were horrendous, waithing a good 20 minutes! although breakfast itself was ok.No way is this a 4 star hotel! I will not be staying here again.	
	RCA London	Its a nice place to stay in Central London at this price..Just 2-3 min walk to Lanchaster Gate Tube Station..	
Sep 18 2009 	What a f* !	I stayed with my wife in this hotel for just a weekend (2 nights). I had to pay in advance altough it was not warned anywhere. The room was so tiny that I had to open my wifes luggage (Medium Samsonite) on the bed. Ok. I expected a tiny room but it was to much. When the luggage was closed in the floor I have to overpass over the bed. The room and the hotel is clean. The blanket provided was filth and disgusting. So, if its going to be cold, you will have to handle it. The shower was to weak that we can possible count all the drops falling. And demands time to heat the water. At least 5 minutes. A good thing in this hotel was the breakfast. Sausage, fried egg(easy on top), scrambled eggs, toast , butter, turkey bacon and Beans ! (also had juice, coffee and tea)The best thing is its location. Like 20 steps from St. Pancras Intl Station. So, if you are coming by Eurostar, you will not need to take tube with luggage.Check-in 13:00 - Check-out : 11:00Definitely we wouldnt stay in this hotel again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Very disappointing	I found this through trip advisor and thought it looked like an interesting modestly priced alternative to the other London hotels. I was very disappointed. It is located in a side street opposite a block of flats. Its style is retro - if retro means bare wooden floors and tables. There are lots of pubs in the area with lovely Victorian glass etc - this is the opposite. Our room was modest but at the top of two flights of narrow stairs up which i had to carry a 25kg case! The shower was almost impossible to adjust properly and the shower stall was minute. Officially the worst of many awful showers on this trip.It advertises itself as a gastro pub and we had breakfast 2 mornings - most of the food was from a packet. The toast was white bread with no option. Everything arrived at once and the coffee was lousy. Still it was cheap and the girl who booked us in was friendly.	
Oct 22 2009 	Its abit shabby but not the worst hotel.	I liked the location, however the hotel looks abit grimey from the outside. Inside is decent, not modern at all but clean. The room was alrite, clean bedding and towels and a working tv. To be honest this wouldnt be my 1st choice if i was a tourist but i'v seen worse.	
	If you enjoy sleeping on a park bench then this is for you..	Stayed from Thursday to Sunday. The standard double room is clean but the bed is the most uncomfortable I've ever slept on, you need to change position regularly to avoid paralysis (and I imagine like sleeping on a park bench!). Having spent a lot of time visiting many hotels on city breaks this is not on my list of 'would return anytime soon'.The hotel relies upon it's location rather than it's amenities and comfort. The staff are friendly and keen to please but this does not make up for the lack of facilities. On the plus side, they do provide a good breakfast and the bar offers a decent last stop before retiring but the rooms are in desperate need of an update (the last time I had a hairdryer like that i was trying to emulate a Farrah Fawcett flick!). The worst, however, is the noise on a Saturday night. Friday was bearable but on Saturday I thought the hotel fire alarm had gone off at half three in the morning but realised it was a police siren from outside.Decent double glazing and decor upgrading would make this a hotel worthy of a good weekend break.	
Oct 30 2009 	Not Bad !	Was nervous after reading some of the reviews.Rooms bit small,but bathroom was good,location the best,staff average,clean but decor below par.By London standards for a person that spends most of the day outside ,this is good value for money.	
	Dorchester Hotel - London	It was ouir second time at the Dorchserter and when we got yo our room there was a bottle of champagne. They show you around your room and make you feel so welcome.	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent Choice	The hotel is clean and well equipped and only 5 minutes from teh tube. The breakfast is fine and we got a great deal on the room cost. One of the best bits is that it is opposite a fantastic Turkish Restaurant called Mirage. We have a 2 and a half year old who can be a handful but he was treated like a king by the owner and staff and we had two fantastic meals. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 14 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in	This place is not a hotel, it is a hostel for students and foreign travellers. Had to pay 10 extra per night for an ensuite. Room was very small, mattress stained, could feel every spring, sheets did not fit bed, cover was torn, wires on floor, nails under carpet in doorways were exposed, window was single-glazed and cracked, bathroom had no window and smelled strongly of bleach due to no ventilation, both taps had blue tops, shower sprayed water in all directions, plug did not fit plug hole, toilet seat didn't fit. Breakfast was awful and a set 'menu' - glass of strong squash, bowl of cornflakes, glass of milk (?) and toast. Staff were all foreign and didn't understand much, were uncourteous and unfriendly. Have stayed at far, far better places for the same money. I would never return to this place.	
Oct 13 2009 	Perfect location nice big room excellent service	We found a great hotel in the Bloomsbury section of London, close to the British Museum. It had exceptionally large rooms and nice bathrooms. Breakfast was very ample, a buffet of cheeses, meats, loads of fruits, cereals, pastries, beverages, served as early as 7 am. The front office staff offered us helpful tips on airport transportation and restaurant recommendations. And the value was amazing (we stayed on a Sunday night). We would definitely return.	
Nov 26 2009 	Do you want a drink? maybe now? maybe now? or now?	I was in this hotel last week and had a very nice stay. The hotel is very modern and the service was to be proud of.Good points- was checked in by a very nice irish chap in the reception, big smile and good service- I had acess to a kind of business centre and done some work from there.Bad Points- I couldnt seat at the lounge without been asked every 5 minutes if I wanted a drink- the street in front gets very dark on the night time	
Nov 15 2009 	Do not disturb	Don't forget to place &quot;don't disturb&quot; sign whenever you are in the room if you want avoid that the bellboy get in delivering faxes or whatever else. Doesn't matter what you are doing in the room, they knock the door twice and then get in. Totally ridiculous that the manager on duty, once reported the fact, justified it saying that it is an Hilton procedure (maybe I've been so lucky in all other Hiltons ...). NO COMMENT!On the website is clearly displaied that the property offers an indoor swimming pool and gym. It's maybe better said that they offer these services in a buiding CLOSE BY the hotel...Check carefully the cahrges upon check out: I've wasted 15 minutes trying to explain to the Hhonors check out agent that there was a clear double charge of 55.-  for an airport transfer .... Furtunately there are other properties in this area for my next stay in London.	
	Perky staff. Tired rooms.	Staff are great. They're the best thing about the hotel now. I've stayed here a few times when on business in London. On my previous visit I changed rooms because the room I was assigned wasn't up to scratch. This time, on booking, I reminded reservations that I hadn't been impressed on my previous visit expecting that I might get a better room this time around. It was basic, tired and shabby. Lumpy pillows. Poorly ordered room. Hand held shower. It felt and looked more like an upscale hostel. It's a pity, because it used to be great.	
Jun 23 2009 	good value clean rooms excellent staff o.k breakfast	I stayed for four nights at this hotel and found it to be basic but good value. The room was small but adequate. The staff were very helpful. Cleaning was done every day. The location is great, handy to the tube and lots of shops. I think it is excellent value for a central London location.	
May 9 2009 	More of a Hostel than a Hotel:	Actually, we thought we were booked into the OTHER Central Park Hotel, and for what we paid, we should have been. I noticed a review that indicated payment of 25 pounds per night and we paid more than three times that! How were we to know that there are 2 Central Park Hotels!The elevator (lift) was not in working order and we had 2 full suitcases each, plus hand-luggage because we had just come off of a 15 day cruise. I feel sorry for anyone staying in the room beneath ours because the floor squeaked horribly with every step.The curtains on one window were coming down and did not close completely.The first day we had both hand towels and bath towels; after that we only got bath towels.The bed linens were clean and fresh, but consisted of only a bottom sheet and duvet with cover. The first night was quite warm, so we took the cover off the duvet and used the cover as a top sheet. The bathroom was tiny but clean - and sadly in need of an upgrade - but there was no place to put anything! No hair dryer, and I didn't realize that we could have borrowed one from the front office until I happened to see someone return one on the final day of our stay.There were no water glasses in the bathroom or room, but the night registration desk clerk got us 2 when requested. The next morning, when I asked for 1 more, the dining room attendant rudely addressed my request noting there are not enough for everyone to have a glass. Excuse me! If this location is going to advertise as a hotel, then water glasses in the room is a very minor amenity they should provide - along with hand towels.Desk clerks were very friendly and helpful and even loaned us a converter so we could charge our camera batteries.As with other reviewers, I agree that it is conveniently within minutes walking distance to bus or tube transportation. Free internet was nice.As for noise level at night, weekends were very noisy during the late hours; the week-day nights were quiet.Be aware that this location is more of a hostel than a hotel, and not worth what we paid for the accommodation.	
Jun 26 2009 	Avoid avoid avoid	Stayed here this week, hoping that some of the older reviews here had led to some improvements....Firstly, there was no-one there to check-in. I had to ring a mobile number and tell the man that I was waiting to check in, and then wait for him to turn up. One of the first things he said was to explain that the room was quite small, but I could upgrade if I wanted to, which didn't bode well. However, having paid over 100 a night for the room, I was not going to pay more.Room itself was OK, but smelled a bit musty. However, it wasn't clean - the carpet was stained and needed a good wash, and there were two mouse traps in the room, which again didn't fill me with confidence. Shower was good and hot, though, but the shower head only shot water straight out rather than down at all and wasn't adjustable. The toiletries were good (Gilchrist &amp; Soames), but there wasn't enough toilet paper to last the week. Some of the plates had been put away dirty, and the sponge and drying up towel were dirty.I stay in London a lot, and you can get MUCH better for the same price or less - I'll not be back.	
	Very good staff	Good hotel. A bit old fashioned for my tastes but it will please many. Great service from the check in onwards. The staff couldn't be faulted. Upgraded fro 50 to a suite as it was for one night and the room and bathroom were excellent. No problems and handy for the King's Road, Sloane Street and Knightsbridge.Upmarket and safe feeling area.	
	Quite Acceptable Choice	Have been staying at The Millennium Mayfair in the past but after several very disappointing visits decided to make a change within the same area. The Ascott was recommended by friends and although I only stayed for two days I felt the level of accommodation, service and price were, all by London standards, quite fair. Location is good near Berkely Square and a brisk walk to Picadilly.The rooms are showing wear and tear in a &quot;mayfair way.&quot; Certainly not an elegant property but functional. TV sets are of another generation. Unfortunately the biggest problem was the erratic &quot;free&quot; internet service which failed on more than on occassion. Complimentary breakfast is good. Staff was polite and helpful. At 190 pounds for a one bedroom with kitchen it seemed fair value and my Millennium days are over.	
Nov 22 2009 	average corporate hotel: nothing bad nothing very special	stayed 2 nights for a meeting at Excel centre. position is perfect for this. hotel is standard 'executive' style, let down in my view by rather hard bed, minimal and uncomfortable pillows and worn polycotton duvet cover . I paid a reduced rate and would certainly not think it worth the full rate of over 200 a night. Slow checkout but friendly staff.	
Nov 20 2009 	Truly the worst hotel I've stayed in. Not one positive	This is not a revenge review. Trust me, dont stay here!Rang to reserve room on a Sunday night. Vacancies available. All good. Didnt clarify price on phone, but online it said 60 for the night (and this was a last minute deal, not an &quot;online only&quot; deal). Got lost trying to find the hotel, odd numbering system in Belgrave Road (where it is located). Rang reception for directions. Sent us the wrong way. (I did not misinterpret directions, I live in London so know the reference points). Arrived to be charged 80. Receptionist insisted he'd clarified this on phone. Amazingly, he actually started to raise his voice with a sour tone! I'm not a moany type of traveller, so just let it ride. Very slow check-in. Got to our room to find a keycard already in the door, later discovering it was the cleaners. Room was a poor man's &quot;victorian&quot; style. No pillow covers on 2 pillows. Mattress was awful. Could feel each spring prodding my back. TV old small thing, placed in corner, but with the bedknob in the way we had to do some feng-shui to see it. Shower was a tiny pod thing. Wouldnt decide on a temperature, hot then freezing, you know the drill. Incredibly noisy pipes too. So loud I was worried of waking other travellers! Shower curtain too short. Window curtains too small as well actually.. I see a theme here. Oh, there is one positive. Location. 10mins walk to Victoria station is handy. However, Belgrave Road is full of hotels taking advantage of this, and I cannot imagine any being worse than this 80/night excuse for a 3* hotel.Look at Club Quarters Hotel in Gracechurch Street.. They are at the other end of the scale and were only 20 more.	
Aug 15 2008 	No luxury but good enough!	The hotel wasn't very new and there was no lift, but that was no real problem. It was located very centrally and Hyde Park/Paddington station were easy to reach on foot. We got diverted to the white house from the seymour hotel, which was very ok. The breakfast was ok, there was toast, tee, coffe, yogurts, cereals, etc. Our room was small, but clean. We had a twin room, but since the beds had wheels on them, it was easy to make one double bed out of them. The carpet under the bed was clean and so was the small bathroom. The tv and the window worked all right and we really had no problem staying there. The room was really ok for us, since we just needed a place to sleep. We came to London to see the city, not to stay at the hotel all day. The white house was relatively cheap, convenient and ok.	
Nov 7 2009 	good value close to centre	The Novotel Waterloo is located just on the south side of Lambeth Bridge - an ideal location for the Tate, the Eye and shopping. The room was clean, modern and reasonably sized - especially for London. The rack rent is a bit steep but there seem to be lots of offers. Reception was efficient and welcoming. There is a nice bar, lounge and food. Its a good place to meet someone - there are some interesting cafes and restaurants within easy walking distance.Buses from outside go to Oxford Circus and the nearest tube is a five minute walk. Breakfast is the usual extra expense but there is a great cafe across the road.	
Nov 2 2009 	Glad I didn't cancel !	Our daughter dances frequently in London which fairly often, requires a one or two night stopover. This becomes quite expensive so whilst searching around dozens and dozens and dozens of hotels in this and several nearby areas, we came across the King Solomon.The price was the main attraction-many others were at LEAST twice/three/four times expensive-so we booked it.....rather last minute !The day after booking it, I went on this website and began reading the - mostly dreadful - reviews and started to panic !I am SO fussy when it comes to hotels ( daughters dancing takes us occasionally to Blackpool......say no more about hotels THERE ! ) so I immediately started searching again for another hotel. However, as it was only a day before we were due to go, I really didn't have the time or inclination or-as previousy stated-money, to book somewhere else, so decided to 'risk' it. If it was as awful as everyone said, we would just go elsewhere.So, expecting the worst, we arrived.Location: Good-just off the M1, free parking, outside congestion zone, a 5-10 minute walk up what appeared to be a very safe high street to Golders Green Tube station and a direct 4-stop ride to Camden Tube station, which was a strong consideration.Reception staff: OK, no prizes for polite chit chat but efficient enough.Room: Basic but a decent size and clean with what appeared to be newish mattresses, small-but again clean-en suite bathroom with a hot, powerful shower. However, no lamps and tv with only four stations ! Yes, the corridors were narrow but not especially dark.The fire alarm in the early afternoon was quite 'alarming' to say the least-didn't know if it was for real or not ? but as we had only popped back for ten minutes, we were on our way out again anyway.Neither I, or my daughter, tried breakfast but my husband did on the first morning. I had warned him about the tuna salad !!! but it still came as a bit of shock ! There were bagels and bread etc but no toaster.So no, the Ritz it is most definately NOT ! but overall-perhaps because I was honestly prepared for the Bates Motel ! - it was OK.If you are just after a -cheap for London-bed/beds for the night, go for it. It is exactly what it says on the tin....a budget hotel. We literally showered and slept there-therefore spent very little time at the hotel.If, however, you are wanting to relax and spend a little more time in the room/hotel, then I would probably advise you to pay more and stay elsewhere.The worst thing we could say about it-and believe me, I really am fussy ! - is that we had to have four different key cards to get in the room as each time we returned to our room, the key/card wouldn't work ! Luckily, we were quite close to reception to go and get another one but it would have been a joke if we had been on the top floor !Brilliant location for the fabulous Camden markets.	
	Definitely going back!	The hotel staff were a little generous about how close to Elephant and Castle the hotel was when I spoke to them on the phone. From the tube, it's a 10 min bus journey on the 453, or 6 in a taxi, or a good half hour walk.Hotel was clean, airy, very modern and most importantly, this extended to the room, and was not just a reception facade.4 adults in a 4 bed 'cabin' room with two singles and a double. PLENTY of room to move around, not falling over each other! Facilities excellent! 32&quot; plasma with Freeview on the wall, Iron and fold away ironing board, hairdryer, mini fridge, international sockets.If I HAD to make negative comments :Shower curtain too short, water goes on floor!No extra plug socket next to mirror for straighteners or your own hair dryer.Bedside lights are low energy LED reading lamps - crap.OVERALL - great experience, would definitely go back without reservation.	
	Negotiate Internet fees before booking	If you want to use the Internet in the hotel, negotiate fees before you commit.Clean, compact rooms. Very rude service.More about the Internet charges. In many hotels in the neighbourhood, internet is free. From the Sidney Hotel website, I thought it would be here too. No. Slow, unreliable, and very expensive (2.75, for an hour, but they did not tell me that if I only used a minute and then logged off, I would be charged for the full hour. When I found out, I took a week of internet for 25.). When I complained about an interruption of service and a period of very slow performance, the remedies were slow in coming. When I asked for a reduction of the fee, I was refused.At breakfast (7:30 to 9) they opened punctually. For eight straight days I was asked my room number as I entered the breakfast room, then commanded brusquely to sit in a place chosen by one of the staff. On the ninth day, the person remembered my room number. They frequently stocked out of ham and toast. Several times the coffee pourer did not arrive at my table until I had finished eating. Once I went to the pourer and requested service. She did not understand, or ignored me. Meanwhile, staff was folding serviettes. One Saturday, there was a half-hour queue for breakfast at 8:30. That evening, the TV screen over the bed had a curt message reprimanding customers for not getting to breakfast earlier. Incredible but consistent.	
Oct 22 2009 	Stay away- Well away !!!!!!!!	On viewing the room it was dirty, inches of dust, battered furniture, foul smelling, dirty stained linen, filthy curtains, stained carpets. En-suite disgusting. The photos on the website are very misleading and does not represent the actual. Management very unhelpful. This hotel does not deserve any quality star rating. WARNING - THIS HOTEL IS A HEALTH RISK !!!	
	Rather lovely	I was on business and found myself in the Junior suite which was like having your own flat in London ! Spacious, clean, amazingly comfy as well. Food was good and the chef served lunch with pride, staff were so very friendly as well. Location is good with restaurants nearby, a stroll from the Tube station, and located in one of London's few surviving Georgian terraces too.	
	Good location good staff shame about the room	Recently stayed one night here. Great location very close to knightsbridge tube and shops. Down a back street which could put off solo female travellers. Booked 2 single rooms. Greeted by Neringa the hotel manager who is charming and helpful. However the room I was checked into - room 4- was dismal,depressing and in a bad state of repair. This I could overlook as hotels need huge investment - I should know I used to work for a large group, but it was the state of the bed which prompted me to ask to change rooms. The sheets were clean but the divan base was not fully covered and exposed in all its unsavoury glory with its stuffing hanging out and its valance in shreds and cobbled together with safety pins! It looked as if it belonged in a slum and I could not sleep a night in it, it made me itch just looking at it. I was quite upset at the thought that the hotel felt that this was acceptable to offer this room to paying guests. I was offered a double room at the double room price but I stood my ground and the price was dropped by 10! Taking the manager to see exactly what I was aggrieved at I insisted that I was not sleeping in room 4! Neringa was very professional tried to calm me as I was getting quite upset took me to see the other room and settled me in with a glass of white wine and the promise that I would pay only the single rate. Room 8 was as different again, it had a magnificent kingsize bed a very nice bathroom and was pleasantly decorated. I had a very comfortable nights sleep! My friend was in room 14 and although better than room 4 it smelled of damp and the shower looked very unfriendly. The problem is definitely down to lack of investment and even the room I eventually stayed in needed its paintwork redone in particular skirtings and window frame. However the breakfast served in our rooms was excellent and the little touches such as bathrobes and Molton Brown toiletries was lovely. This could be a little gem if the promised refurbishment goes ahead next year but at the moment there is no excuse for not having ordered a new bed for room 4 long long ago!! Would only recommend some of double rooms. ( top floor ok)	
Jun 24 2009 	Sorry everyone	I agree that it is not o good hotel if you compare with more expensives. I stayed for six days and I could rest for the night and joy the city in the next day. Paying 25 pound's per day i couldn't wait more.	
Nov 11 2009 	Better than you may think but still not worth it.	Pavilion definitely looks better than the majority of small hotels in the neighbourhood. Their lobby makes quite a positive impression, though it does look like a flea market ). My room was called &quot;Underwater love&quot;, standard single. It is tiny, but ok for one night. It was really clean and though I did find some things really tacky, it was still better than same level hotels, as it does have some personality. These were the positives. I really disliked the bed! Pillow was too small, there was no blanket case (sheet + blanket, like on the old trains), seriously, what's up with that?! There was also some strange plastic material covering the bed under the sheet, do people tend to pee themselves in the &quot;underwater&quot; room? And now the worst - bathroom. It is just plain horrible! Cheapest possible version of a cabin bathroom with no water pressure in the shower and it also took approx 8 min for it to actually get warm! I actually care for rooms slightly less than for a bathroom during my hotel stays, I really appreciate my shower after a long day, and that was just by far the worst I've ever had in London or anywhere else. The last, but not the least is the street noise. It is REALLY disturbing. Do not stay there if you are a light sleeper or ask for a room not facing the street. I am still glad I did stay there as I was really curious about the decor, and the location was great, but I won't come back. Easy hotel Paddington is a great budget option in the area, too bad it was fully booked.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great value for money great location 	Budget, good value for money, small and tasty breakfast, great service (e.g. arrived at 9:00am and was able to leave bags at reception; because had big bags they made effort to assign me a room on 1st floor - where reception was)	
Oct 31 2009 	Nightmare - never again	what an awful experience. we booked for two nights and checked out after the first. (we have been to many hotels and never have we even thought about checking out).If we could have found somewhere else that night we would not have stayed the one night in that awful hotel. it was extremely small and smelly, the bathroom was disguisting. My son had a shower and the drain could not cope with the water, it flooded the bathroom.I could not even bring myself to have a shower. i moved a bin to find a tampon, this indicated that the room had not even been cleaned. the cleanliness of the hotel was below average. it advertised on line a garden view, what a joke, the garden view was a yard which had been neglected with half a dozen mattresses stored there collecting alsorts of bacteria. We could not even bring ourselves to have breakfast. Also the health and safety aspect was poor as the kettle was resting on a shelf with the cable dangling. This hotel should certainly not have 3 *	
Nov 24 2009 	Basic clean good location	Location is excellent - 5 mins walk to the Tower of London, 2 mins walk to Tower Hill tube stationRoom was clean, bed was soft but comfortable. As others have said there is hanging but no shelf storage.Shower was OK - they only provide one small bar of soap but that is stated on their website.Our room (on the north side) was very quiet; I imagine those on the south side could be noisy as trains run right outside.We paid 80 midweek which was too much for a &quot;budget&quot; hotel but valued the convenience.	
Nov 14 2009 	Poor value but good location	Much like other reviews I've seen here, I'll reiterate the same messages:Negatives1) Poor value for money2) Better rooms in London for cheaper3) Very thin walls between rooms4) Loud traffic noise if your room faces the street5) Demanding and unfriendly reception and breakfast staff6) Don't believe the website photos (too good to be true)7) Poor shower facilities - damp and uncleanPositives1) Great location - Close to transport and Central London2) Showers were hotRecommendation during summer months:The much cheaper, cleaner and friendlier University College London accommodation residences nearby, but they are only open during the holidays.	
	SoSpa So Wonderful!	We hired the spa for a group of six of us for a corporate entertainment event. Everyone had a fantastic time. The building is beautiful. The staff are knowledgeable and helpful. The lunch was good. A successful day and an experience we will definately be repeating. Many thanks to all at SoSpa.The rating is based on just cleanliness, location, service and value as we didn't see the rooms	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Great location. 10 minute walk from Kings X and much nearer to 3 underground stationsRoom was spotlessly clean but maybe a little smallBathroom was bigger than bedroom and fantasticBreakfast was faultless as previously describedWas easy to find - online map was perfectWe will definitely return	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent hotel well worth a visit	We stayed here for one night on the 25th May (bank holiday Monday) and we were very pleasantly surprised by how nice and cosy the rooms are, they are also very clean and are a good size, the hotel is located close to a couple of tube stations so getting in and around London was easyThe hotel bar was good and the bar staff were very welcoming despite getting back to the bar after 11pm, feeling slightly worse for wear after celebrating a successful play-off day at Wembley!We would definitely recommend staying at this great litte hotel / pub, it was great value for the price we paid too...	
	Wasn't as tragic as I thought	After reading the negative reviews I was expecting something tragic. But once I got there, I was pleasantly surprised with what I got. The single room that I booked wasn't a shoebox. There were 2 single beds joined together and there was plenty of room to move about. Room was well equipped with a TV, hairdryer, ketlle, microwave oven with coffee and tea,etc..It was clean and comfortable. Plenty of power points to charge your electrical stuffs so that's a plus point as well. Hotel is really quiet so I slept well..Breakfast is pretty basic (cereat. toast and jam/butter). Could be improvised in the future though. The bathroom is really tiny. So those on the plus sized category might not like this. But water heater was functioning, and it was clean so it was actually alright. Please note that there are no elevators here, so it's not disabled-people friendly, nor it is suited for the elderlies. Carrying huge bags will be tiring..Stairs are a little steep but I was still okay with it. The hotel allows the guests to leave their bags after checking out if their flight is still hours away so guests can still roam around for last minute shopping and get the bags later. No lockers though, just be sure to lock your bags securely. Location would this hotel's main advantage. Just 3 minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube station. And 5 minutes walk from Queensway and Bayswater tube station. Food is not a problem as there are plenty of shops/restaurants/cafes around. There's no wifi in this room, but there's a cyber cafe nearby if you need to use the internet.With 55 pounds per night, I think I got a good deal.	
Nov 26 2009 	Small rooms	Nice lobby, good location to Oxford Street and Selfridges etc., Staff nice enough but not 5 star exceptional. Rooms are very small compared to similar hotels like Marriot Edgeware Road. Room service is very expensive. I think the 1/2 bottle of wine in the mini bar was about 20!!!! Overall a good location, but unless your company is paying I am not sure this is the best option in the area. Checked for good rates on getroomscheaper.com but the hotel prices seem to range significantly by 130 to 250 depending on when you are staying so do check other hotels in the same area to get the best rate.	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent service and location	Just off Park Lane and near Green Park, rooms and hotel have been refurbished and upgraded to a good size and comfortable level. Staff are helpful and friendly. Good breakfast. Overall this is a good choice for business or leisure, as it clearly met the expectations of a group of japanese ladies also there on holiday who always demand high service levels with keen prices.	
	Great neighbourhood classic hotel	Overall satisfied, the lobby makes you feel in an expensive hotel. The room is perfect, however walls are thin, the neighbours kept knocking on the wall for any small noise from our room. The hotel is huge, and in the morning the breakfast area is totally crowded - the breakfast selection is quite ok.	
	Simple but comfortable.	I stayed in Hotel Meridiana for a family visit in London. In general, I found this hotel satisfactory for my needs.I stayed in a single basic room and I was satisfied with the room, especially with the bed which I found very comfortable. The shared bathroom and toilet were reasonable and seemed clean. The staff was nice and helpful in the few times I needed something. Breakfast was fine, there wasn't much variety but the staff was willing to fulfill some special requests. The breakfast room is too small and sometimes people had to wait outside for the other guests to finish.Another disadvantage was the noise at night - both from people on the street, especially in weekend nights, and from the hotel itself, where you can hear anytime when someone walk outside your room or going up and down the stairs.The hotel is very close to the King's Cross station, which makes it very easy to get anywhere through the underground, but if you prefer walking, the hotel is too far from most of the main sites in London.	
	Nice hotel but don't expect to be fed	Comfortable rooms as always with this chain. However, having stayed here for the last 6 months, restaurant service has deteriorated rapidly. I have ordered a pizza 2 or 3 times over the last 2 weeks as a quick bite to eat..... my advice is - don't bother!!! You need to take annual leave when you order food either to take to your room or in the restaurant. The whole operation is disjointed and staff openly argue with each other. No-one can be bothered, and the manners of the staff is appalling. A smile costs nothing. I have resorted to ordering food to be delivered to the hotel, its quicker! 2 hours to make a pizza???!!! Come on! Thats insane, especially when the local delivery firm can do it in 25 minutes! My company has spent in excess of 8000 so I can stay here over the last 6 months, its been a total waste! There is no loyalty from this hotel chain as far as looking after their regulars and this will be my last week staying here. Adam Biscoe, Room 117, 30th November 2009, total and utterly fed up!	
Nov 16 2009 	Simple clean in a convenient position	Stayed for one night when down to see a show at Television Centre. This hotel was a 10 minutes walk to Hammersmith tube and then only a further 10 minutes by tube to the BBC. There was a room available when we checked in early and the staff were friendly and helpful. Room surprisingly spacious, we stayed in a guest house the previous night in another British city in which a cat could not have been swung easily! Bathroom clean with a great hot and powerful shower. Breakfast was basic but adequate. Would stay again.	
Nov 24 2009 	fantastic!!!	I have been in a lot of hotels in London, but it is the first time that i can really feel like at home. Everything was perfect : we were in a deluxe suite which was really big including a great bedroom very calm and very well furnished, ipod dock, flat TV, DVD player, and a living room with another TV-DVD player, a fire place and a very nice decoration, and finally a real kitchen with everything you'll need to make a good diner at home (oven, micro oven, dishwasher...). You feel so great that you don't want to eat anywhere else!!!The Staff is also really kind and efficient : you can ask for any advises and they will do anything to help you.For sure, I will come back in this great hotel as soon as possible.	
	3 nights...perfect...nowt wrong with this hotel	stayed for our wedding anniversarya great hotel....good bedrooms...great fym /pool...also thy now have a spa...for spa treatments....lifts were ok.......no probs at all........nice walks to primrose hill and regents park canal...nice parks in area for kids....playgrounds and stuff.....all nice and clean .......fresh towels everyday ....staff very good and friendly.....will defo stay again 10/10.....	
Nov 21 2009 	Excellent Value	We are budget travellers preferring to make the most of our time exploring our destination. This hotel is cheap, clean and in a fantastic location. It was actually a lot better than expected having read the reviews and the only real criticism we had was the quality of the sausages at breakfast! The staff were friendly and the County Bar was comfortable and drinks were good value for money.Don't be put off if you want somewhere to sleep after a long day and night in London - this place is just the job.	
Nov 7 2009 	Terrible experience at Delmere Hotel	I will never stay at the Delmere Hotel again!!I was treated in the most disrespectful way when there was confusion about my booking which was off by one day. The Manager insisted on charging me for the mistaken day despite my having booked three nights stay. Most would have accomodated the mistake (regardless of whose fault) given the the multiple night booking, but not at the Delmere. They insisted on charging me and were so rude I left and booked into the Hilton Paddington. I WILL NEVER BE BACK! Too many better hotels in the area!!	
Nov 16 2009 	Great hotel in OK area good value would recommend	Great location to drive to and get the Northern Line into London. Hotel quiet, staff v helpfull, good buffet breakfast. Good value.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great budget hotel good location	ADVANTAGES: Very cheap for a london hotel (we paid 79 a night room only for a family room). Comfortable, warm rooms with tv, tea tray and one of the best power showers I've ever had in a hotel/B&amp;B. Excellent location, only a few minutes walk from Old Street, Moorgate and Liverpool Street Stations. There are plenty of restaurants and stores on the doorstep, although being the commercial district, some of the shops don't open on a weekend which wasn't really a problem for us. There was a restaurant and bar on the ground floor, and although didn't have breakfast at the hotel, it was only 7.50 for all-you-can-eat buffet breakfast.DISADVANTAGES: Very small basic rooms, but there were three of us and we knew in advance that we were getting what we paid for. Our room was above a bar or club which was slighly annoying but I daresay if you requested a quiet room they would do their best to assist you.This travelodge was excellent value for money, fantastic location. We weren't expecting the Ritz and it was a nice comfortable room to come back to after a day of sightseeing.	
Nov 24 2009 	So much potential but too much not right	I stayed for 5 nights in the Victoria Grosvenor which is in a great location - the back door opens into Victoria Station and is a 15 min walk from Buckingham Palace. The hotel is an old railway hotel and the public areas are very nice. The restaurant (Chez Gerard) is nice but a bit too expensive for what it is. That's the good stuff finished, here's the not so good......I'd booked a single room, but when I had to return to the corridor to take off my bag I realised I couldn't spend 5 nights in this 'cupboard'. An upgrade to a double cost an extra 30 per night but the smaller room just wasn't big enough for 5 nights.The hotel promises &quot;a gym and sauna&quot;. Actually it's an affiliation to a local gym, the concierge gave me location details and off I went. Walking into the gym, I was greated with &quot;we're closed for 2 weeks for refurbishment&quot; - the hotel didn't even know! Fair enough the manager sorted another gym for that night. The next day I was directed to a different gym at the very nice Victoria Playa Park hotel, who knew nothing about the Grosvenor sending their guest to use their gym - felt like a bit of a criminal so didn't use the gym again!Air con was very loud (and that was when turned off!). After 3 nights I'd had enough and was moved to another room on the 4th floor annexxe wing - much better room, ask for them to avoid disappointment.	
Sep 25 2009 	One word: Sumptuous!	What a gem of a find! I purposely waited until 24 hours before my intended stay to find a room for my overnight visit in London, as hotels usually release the rooms they can't sell themselves to other companies to sell at lower rates in order to fill the rooms.So I was extremely lucky to find a room available at the Fox Club. 200 (room only) for a Junior suite.Though the website looked very nice, I really wasn't sure what to expect. So as a result was blown away by the incredible value for money because the reality far exceeded all my expectations.The only downside was that room number 6 (I think the &quot;Cavendish&quot;) is situated about 3 floors up and there is no lift.However the room is quiet, bright and airy, large and roomy with high quality furnishings and attention to details. With the most sumptuous of beds! Incredibly comfortable with high quality sumptuous bedding. The bed was made up of 2 singles joined together so very large.Staff are very friendly and helpful. The breakfast (which wasn't included in my rate) is in a beautiful light and airy room with glass domed ceiling. Soft comfortable furnishings. Breakfast is ordered a la carte and starts from as little as 5.All in all I would wholly recommend!	
Oct 2 2009 	Quiet at Cranley Gardens	The Cranley Gardens Hotel is located in South Kensington, off of Old Brompton Road, about a 5 block walk from the Gloucester Road tube station. After our daily adventures, we felt it was refreshing to return to a hotel that was in a neighborhood where the locals live &amp; work instead of being in a downtown hotel where the noise is constant. We found the area to be relatively quiet, given that this is London.The staff were all very friendly and helpful. We shared a triple room, which was way more spacious than we expected for a European hotel. The washroom was adequate. The room was very clean, albeit a bit dated and worn. The beds were all comfortable except for the pillows, which were flat. There is no air conditioning in this hotel. Steps to some rooms are steep, and the usual small European elevator is available. Our room faced nothing, which we preferred, as it was probably more quiet than rooms facing the street. The breakfast was pretty dismal for this day &amp; age: toast with jams or cheese, about 5 different cold cereals, prunes, juices, coffee &amp; tea. There is a small bar in the lobby which was open in the evenings. Wi-fi is available in the lobby only, and there is one computer terminal available for guests to access. The front desk staff were all very helpful with directions, restaurant suggestions, and other information. Near the Gloucester Road tube station are restaurants, pubs, pharmacies, a grocery store, post office, a couple of little souvenir shops, flower shop, newstand, and more.	
May 20 2009 	Small room is an understatement	I stayed at the Boulevard Hotel with a friend of mine last year. The location is sensational, and the neighborhood was very safe. I had been traveling in Europe for about a month and a half when I got there, and the size of the rooms was unbelievable. Only one of us could walk in the room at a time, it was SO cramped. The bathroom was tiny, and it was nearly impossible to shave my legs. The staff was clueless half the time, although friendly. In addition, they charged me about $80 just to get a phone line in the room to make a local call. I was upset that I had paid so much for such a disappointing room. Believe me, I had stayed in small rooms but this one was absolutely INSULTING.	
	Classy London base for business or pleasure	I stayed at the Dorset Square for 2 nights in late November 2009. It was the third time I'd used the hotel, but the first time for a year. Check in was handled professionally and courteously which set the scene for a pleasant stay characterised by excellent customer service, including in the restaurant...which returns later.My room was a delicately decorated single on the third floor with a view down Gloucester Place. It seemed a little more spacious than the room I'd previously had..perhaps because of the lighter tones in the decor. There were one or two minor niggles - the panel above the aircon unit was a little ill-fitting and tatty and one of the bathroom light bulbs needed replacing - there were also one or two rather odd little black &quot;bits&quot; that came out of the hot water tap when I had a bath! But as I say, these were minor; the room was warm, comfortable and well-equipped.Previously, the restaurant in the hotel was the &quot;Potting Shed&quot;- this was replaced in August 2009 with an Italian. I was initally rather sorry - I had enjoyed the quirkiness and the British cusine of the Potting Shed. I needen't have worried. The service and the food of the new Italian were absolutely excellent. I breakfasted there as well as dining on both nights of my stay and the high standard was maintained throughout.When I came to check out this was similarly handled with a smile, continuing the theme of old-fasioned courtesy and service.The Dorset Square is a well-run, well positioned (very close to Marylebone tube/rail station) classy, boutique hotel that offers an excellent base for the leisure or business traveller. I will be back.	
	great location lovely staff but needs double glazing	Arrived early for check in but staff kindly let us in to our room early since we had been travelling from early morning. Room nicely decorated but bathroom very small. The main problem with the room was a very bad draught coming through the window very cold. Think double glazing would solve the problem of the cold and the road noise which kept us awake.Area lovely but not much to do in the immediate area not a great choice of entertainment. Taxis very expensive took one to west end cost us twenty five pounds each way. All said we enjoyed our stay needs a few minor adjustments.	
Sep 16 2009 	Looked good on the website	Room was clean, on top floor, no lift, but offer of help with bags.Daughter found this hotel, as it was nearby where she and her partner live in Crouch End, in a one bedroom flat.so seemed perfect for us to stay when visiting. Oh dear,male wedding guests staying in next rooms, on both sides decided to party at 4.30 am, they were very drunk, and very noisy, lots of swearing, pretty disgusting language, Smoking in a no smoking room, the smell coming through the open windows lots of clanking beer cans. doors banging as they went from room to room. After half an hour I telephoned reception from my mobile, as there was no phone in the room, to be told that they were paying guests so there was not a lot they could do or say apart from asking them to lower the noise! Which they did not do anyway, I called reception again twice, from my mobile, they did not even reply. At 6am the noise stopped, so then managed a couple of hours sleep.we were paying guests too.what a dreadful night. That morning we bumped into a mum and her children who were in the room on the other side, she told us that the same had happened the night before, so she had two nights of disturbed sleep, we agreed we would not stay at the Raglan again.	
Nov 25 2009 	Clean and bright charming staff	The hotel looks bright and welcoming, and the receptionist couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful. Although on the small side, our room was clean and decently furnished, and the beds were comfortable. The proper 'full English' breakfast was tasty and freshly cooked. For the money, the Muswell Hill Hotel is a bargain - athough be aware that the car park only takes about six cars, and was already full by the time we arrived (about 7.30.) However, there is unrestricted on-street parking. Overall, highly recommended.	
	the worst hotel in the world	Don't stay there, everything is terrible including rooms and servis. Filipino women is so rude and her partner as well. The price is too hight. Is more like a hostel not hotel. We didin't even tride the food. Just clining servis is nice. Don't stay there if you wona have nice holidays.	
	Super views reasonably priced	Stayed at the Tower for one night on business due to an overnight function in London.The view from some of the rooms or the front of the hotel over Tower Bridge, especially at night, is something to see. Room was comfortable if not a little small but for the rate paid that was fine. Breakfast in the morning was plentiful with a good selection of hot and cold.Check-out was quick on this occasion - have known it to be slower.	
	Great locationwhat a find highly recommendgreat value	We are so pleased we found this gem,easy access to transport bus stop right outside. Rooms great and housekeeping 5 star. Breakfast would be the best you will get with such a good choice. Staff are so friendly and nothing is too much trouble.We stayed 5 days and it was always nice to come back at the end of busy day. We will be back	
	No Frills hotel great location	Rooms were pretty small and compact. It is loacted a stone's throw from Kensington Garden, and is close to 2 tube staions, Bayswater and Queensway.	
	Run down.	We arrived at 10am and understandably our room wasn't available but we checked in and were given a card with our room number. We left our luggage and had a day out. On our return, I asked for the key to the given room which was on the 3rd floor. We had been in the room for a couple of minutes when the 'phone rang. It was the receptionist asking me if I was sure I'd asked for the correct room key. She said we should have been in a different room but would ring back. The room was very tired and the bathroom smelt damp. There were twin beds and we had booked a double which was no big deal but when the receptionist called back I was happy with her suggestion to move to the room we should have been given as we decided it couldn't be much worse. Well . . . . . . There was a double bed and the bathroom didn't smell damp but it was all so old and in need of urgent renovation. The taps were down to the brass and covered in verdigris, (perhaps it was a feature) The shower head was so low down I had to duck down to wash my hair. I'm not tall but 5ft 2inches! There were no wardrobe doors which I am sure was NOT a feature. It looks as though the wardrobes should have had sliding doors. As with other posts on this site, the hand wash baisin was in the bedroom and not in the bathroom. We had to fiddle around in order to get the kettle to work and the TV remote took some working out. In order to change channels you had to press the channel number plus the TV button, odd. The hairdrier was nowhere near the mirror but at least there was one. The bed and pillows were comfortable but the duvet cover was made of a Polyester/cotton mix and was old and a bit bobbly. We were on the ground floor with a window overlooking a small quadrangle which was full of scaffolding with scaffold planks on top so no light at all came into the room in the morning. The continental breakfast wasn't too bad in spite of what people on this site have said. There were 4 different cereals, rolls, croissants, toast, preserves, ham, cheese, yoghurts and plenty of tea and coffee as well as fruit juices. On the Sunday it was raining very heavily and there were buckets in the bar area to catch the rain coming in. On the plus side the hotel is in a great area with 3 tube stations close by. Plenty of restaurants and a couple of Tesco metros plus other shops and a shopping centre with all the high street stores. Notting Hill is a 10 minute walk away with Kensington Gardens close by. At this time of year London hotels are very expensive and the place we usually stay was over 100 more than we'd paid earlier this year so I suppose you get what you pay for.	
	Basic but clean	I stayed here for 3 nights. We wanted a budget city break so we expected not to have a top class hotel. On arrival the receptionist was very pleasant but forgot to inform us that the hotel does have a lift, so we had to carried our cases up 2 flights of stairs. our room was tiny, the saying 'not enough room to swing a cat' comes to mind. The bathroom is like a wet room. The room with the beds in was freezing cold, the radiators were on but i doubt that they were working properly. Also you need to pay a 5 refundable deposit for the remote control in the room. The breakfast is very basic, toast and cereal. The hotel seemed very busy so we had to queue for breakfast. The hotel is basic, could do with a little updating and possibly needs some more thought to the breakfast menu. But it is in an ideal location for sightseeing and jumping on to the underground, as the station is 10 minute walk away.	
Jun 17 2009 	Cheap and cheerful	I stayed four times at the Green Court Hotel in 2007, to-ing and fro-ing from London for job interviews. The hotel is cheap and cheerful, very basic indeed; the staff is quite kind and helpful. Breakfast is minimalist but acceptable (considering the price). The rooms are of inconsistent quality (or lack of):1st stay: had a tiny room on the first floor. Really tiny - not even place to open the suitcase, but with an incredibly beautiful balcony on the Hogarth Road. Loved it.2nd: big room on top floor (no lift of course). Noisy with the tube so close, but really spacious for the price3rd: huge room on the back of the reception. Felt a bit &quot;promiscuous&quot; as I could hear everything that was going on there, but liked the high ceilings and the overall dimensions.4th: tiny room like the first, but no balcony, had to stay there four days and felt pretty miserable. Luckily it was my last - and successful - interview.The decor of all the rooms is really vintage (1940?) but I do prefer a seasoned ambiance than a soulless cheapness. All of the room an ensuite bathroom and a working tv set. Cleanliness is not perfect but not awful either. All in all, it was ok - it's really cheap and you can't expect much more for that price.	
Sep 14 2009 	Hot box	Stayed in the coverted council flat (aka apartment). Needed a &quot;ladder&quot; to get in and out of bath tub. No soap. Pixellated 12&quot; TV. No air conditioning. Would be OK in winter with the heat coming through neighbours wall and through water storage heater in hall requiring windows to be kept open all night and door during day. Curtains falling off. Kitchen drawers with no handles. Access to other part of unit locked off - why??In general lack of detail however staff in the &quot;hotel&quot; in the main street friendly and nice. Unit cleaned and serviced daily ! Close to amenities and can easily walk to town! Pub meals in area very good.	
Nov 23 2009 	Way below basic!	I wouldnt call this place a hotel, more like a dodgy B &amp; B. The staff-one woman who was so unfriendly that I felt like I was intruding! Was very disappointed with the room. The bathroom was so small the toilet was basically on top of the shower! No blinds or mirror in the room. The decor was something out of the 50s! Can get a nicer room for the same price, recommend to shop around.	
Nov 18 2009 	Cozy little spot	We just returned from a 7-night stay at the Rookery. We chose this hotel because of its close proximity to my daughter's flat while she is studying in London. It's a convenient location, just steps from the Farringdon tube station. As others have said this is an area away from the more touristy parts of London. So, if you want to be in an area where people work and live, and away from tourists traps, then I think you would enjoy this location. The staff of the hotel was very accommodating and created a home-like atmosphere. There is no elevator in this hotel; however, the staff transported our suitcases up to our room and brought them down when we left. Also, if you'd like a shower (vs. just a tub), make sure you ask when you make your reservation. Our room did not have a shower, but we requested one and they gladly moved us.	
Nov 8 2009 	Comfortable Hotel  short walk from Oxford Street	The Hotel is set on a quiet side street , a five minute walk from Oxford Street. Our room was an executive double on the 5th floor. Room was clean and tidy. Lovely comfortable big bed.Decor was a bit tired looking. Had quite a good nights sleep...beware the noisy bottle collections outside which went on quite till quite late and started again at about 8am the next morning. The shower was good, however our bath leaked , which we reported to reception upon departure. All in all a nice stay.	
	Very handy for the airport nice rooms and quiet	Obviously very close to the airport, I normally use the option of parking for 4 days which makes the price quite good. Rooms are a good size and very clean but some are suffering a little bit. Bathrooms are big and have shower screens rather than curtains (hooray!) WiFi access is everywhere and is free. There are 2 restaurants (there were 3 but one seems permanently closed) the food is good but very expensive, never had breakfast there as I normally have an early flight to catch. Staff are normally very pleasant and recently when checking out the computers were down and within 2 hours I had the bill emailed to me. Despite being so close to the airport the hotel is quiet so the sound proofing must be good. Building is modern and a little charmless but nice nonetheless.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great little London Hotel	The Alhambra Hotel is a five minute walk from King's Cross station so a fantastic position. It's run by a family and they cook a great breakfast for their guests and serve it in the pleasant breakfast room.They have another hotel across the road, but all guests have breakfast in the Alhambra.Sorry, there's no lift. However, the small rooms are very pleasant - I took the single budget option but had a big screen TV, tea and coffee making facilities, fridge, nice decor (very clean too), also there was a shower and sink in my room; the toilet (for my use only, and the way it was situated no-one else would use it) was the door by mine in the hall. The bed was not the greatest, but I am very fussy about a good bed and it was their cheapest option.The hotel boasted a huge array of tourist info and the family (who have been there many years) were very helpful to their guests and happy to spend time explaining.	
Oct 6 2009 	A pleasant stay	We stayed at Piccolino for 6 days on 3 bookings and were given 3 different rooms each time. All rooms were spacious as compared with previous London budget hotels we had been to. Each room had a different design but all contained basic stuff like coffee and tea maker, hairdryer, shampoo and bath gel. All the family rooms are located on the basement and ground floor and there wasn't a problem when carrying our heavy luggage. But if you have a room on the top floor, it can be tough as the staircase is quite steep and you may need help from the reception staff who are very friendly especially Adnan and Azeem who were always ready to assist guests whenever requested. As we had to move in and out a few times to go to other cities, the hotel could store our luggage and security wasn't a concern as the reception was open 24 hours.The location is very central and it only takes about 4 minutes' walk from Paddington Station and from where you can take the tube or rail to major cities. With heavy luggage, the Rail Station is easy to get to as you need not go through stairs. There were roadworks in front of the hotel during our stay and since there was no traffic, the rooms became very quiet.The continental breakfast was all right with toasts, eggs, beans and cereal. It would be perfect if there was hot food and the ladies could serve the guests with a broader smile.Cleanliness is an issue the hotel can improve on as bath towels didn't seem to be very clean.In general, our stay at Piccolino was quite a pleasant one.	
Nov 18 2009 	Fantastic location with decent sized rooms.	We stayed there for a couple of nights and you cannot beat the location - literally out of Tower Hill tube station, quick walk across the road and there it is! We had a standard room and found it spacious with a king sized bed, sofa &amp; 26&quot; LCD TV. The bathroom was good and it was nice to have a seperate toilet although the toilet holder could be placed better as I always seemed to knock the toilet roll onto the floor when trying to get out of the door! The staff were welcoming and always courteous - they could not be faulted. Breakfast is a self service affair but there is plenty of it although you still can't beat the Hilton breakfast for the variety &amp; selection as the english version is limited to bacon, beans, tomatoes, sausages, mushrooms &amp; scrambled eggs.The bar prices were pleasantly surprising (3.20 for a pint of Worthingtons) and it was nice to sit in the window enjoying a pint whilst people watching.A very nice hotel and I would definately recommend it - you will find it hard to beat the location and overall value for money.	
Nov 25 2009 	Good Location / Comfortable Room / Big Bathroom	Stayed at Cadogan on recent trip and was pleased. Room was large and had big bathroom. Staff was very nice. Good location between Knightsbridge and Sloane Square Tube stations. Bus Stops also close by for easy access to all areas. Chairs in room were on small side and could be bigger for more comfort when you want to sit and read. Had Flat Screen TV. Comfortable Bed. Free Business Center Computer access. Overall, a good value for a nice hotel.	
Nov 5 2009 	Chic Luxury	This hotel provides a standard of service second to none. The rooms are tastefully furnished and meticulously arranged. Breakfast was more than one could expect, with every taste catered for. Located close to Little Venice, this is an ideal position - close to the city centre though there are many fine restaurants, bars, and pubs with character close by. We look forward to our next visit soon.	
Oct 31 2009 	This place is awfull	This the only hotel i have had to pay for the rooms when i checked IN !I booked a room for 3 people, the room was hardly big enough for one, so we had tochange next day.Also it is the only hotel i have been to that does not charge any drinks from the bar toto your room, cash only! On the first night the bar closed at 11.00pm, the next night it did not open at all.The hotel (if i have to call it a hotel) is noisy,scruffy and the staff look bored and are unhelpful.Avoid at all costs.	
Nov 21 2009 	Excellent hotel; modern and clean. Very friendly staff.	I planned a last minute city break to London with my sister. I booked this hotel less than 2 weeks prior to our trip. It cost 120 per night for the room which was excellent value given the standard of the hotel and the location. It was much better in reality and the photographs I had looked at previously didn't really do it justice. We arrived early and our room wasn't ready so we left our bags. Emeric was on the door and he was most friendly. He was on the door for the duration of our stay and on every occasion went out of his way to welcome us back or to provide us with directions when we were leaving. Our room was lovely. It was very modern and clean. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel deciding to do a bit of shopping first before stopping for breakfast so I cannot comment on the restaurant facilities. Location was perfect. It was about a 3 minute walk from Baker Street Tube Station and within walking distance of Oxford Street. However the street were the actual hotel was located was quiet and very pleasant.I would definitely recommend this hotel and would have no hestiation in going back there again.	
	Very good value for money	We spent three nights in a triple bedroom on the bottom floor from the 20th of November to the 23th. We found that the room was a very good size, containing good facilities such as the kettle and a little fridge that was working well. The bathroom was always cleaned and new towels were provided every day. The only small remark was a slight smell of damp probably from the carpet. Other than this, the person at the reception was nice and professional and there was no noise from the other guests, but only some inevitable noise from the busy street the hotel is on. Overall, hotel Dalmacia offered good value for money!We really enjoyed our stay and we are looking forward to coming again!	
	Marriott calls this a 5 star hotel---it is not even close!!!	We just got back from this hotel. What a disappointment. Its Website represents it as a 5 star hotel, claiming robes and slippers in room, turn down service and daily newspapers. None of that proved to be true. The website features a hotel that looks very contemporary and well kept up. The rooms we were assigned were very small (web says spacious) and in need of renovation. The carpet was almost bare, the wallpaper was dirty and the wood work was banged up. The bathroom was so small that the door to it could not even open up wide as it would hit the toilet when it was about 1/2 open.Service was spotty. Several times we came back to the room and still had dirty glasses that were not replaced.We were charge 3 pounds each to print off our boarding passes. I have never heard of that!The only good thing about the hotel was that its location was fabulous. The neighborhod is great to walk around.One of our friends is an employee of a Marriott subsidiary. He asked to pay for an upgrade as his partner was celebrating a birthday. He was told the hotel had NO rooms available-right! He wasn't even offered a complimentary breakfast. I am glad I don't work for the Marriott chain!Don't go here unless you don't intend to spend time in the rooms.	
Oct 26 2009 	Shephard nightmare	I want to warn everyone who considers staying in Hotel 65. Hotel 65 is definitely the place to be, if you want a hotel with a rude staff, enjoy broken furniture, and feel home at a place where dirt doesn't only cover the floor, but almost is the only substance of the floor, blankets an curtains. Test your survival skills; if you survive this hotel, you know you'll be able to stay anywhere.We rented a room in Hotel 65, knowing that it was a hotel in the cheaper section. We were promised something basic and small but clean in an agreeable neighbourhood. However, the place was awefully dirty, a lot of the furniture was broken, and we didn't dare to go to the shops across the street alone, because after 9 o'clock they were the popular hangout for alcoholics. So do avoid this place, unless you don't mind to roughen things up a lot!	
Nov 24 2009	Nice hotel but watching the sting in the tail!	I stayed here for two nights on the 13/14th November. Its a lovely hotel. The room my sister and I shared was very generous, with two double beds. It was very well appointed and we had two lovely very peaceful comfortable nights. My only niggle was related to swiping my debit card on arrival for &quot;incidentals&quot;. The receptionist said it was commonplace to do this at a charge of 50 per night - that makes my total 100 for the 2 nights. It wasn't until I booked out that that they gave me my &quot;refund&quot; - we had charged nothing at all to the room. To my astonishment they had actually charged my card with the 100 and then told me that the actual refund should reach my bank account on the Thursday (it was then the Sunday) so be warned - they &quot;borrow&quot; your money then pay it back - cheeky or what? is this normal to actually take it then take days refunding it???? still miffed!!! : (	
Nov 23 2009 	Wonderful stay in outskirts of London!	My husband and I stayed at Odessa Wharf for a week as we toured London and surrounding areas. Apartment was clean, spacious, and had everything we needed. Staff was friendly and helpful as well. Would recommend to anyone!	
Nov 20 2009 	Very good for the price	Do not expect a room of 50 to look like one of 100. It is very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The bath room small but clean. Quite sufficient for a short stay. The breakfast is good. No phone in the room.Problem is that there is no sufficient light to read a book in the bed. Also, I stayed in the lower floor (room 35). It was very noisy. Every one opening the door to the stairways, caused the walls to shudder. I was lucky to go to sleep late. Otherwise evry one moving around would have waken me up.The location is great. Very good for the price. Do not expect a large room with all the facilities of an expensive hotel.I was looking for a place to sleep at night and have a shower at the end of the day, all for a reasonable price. I got what I wanted.	
	Smart comfortable hotel	We just returned from a long weekend in London staying at the Place2Stay. It was not our first choice but our usual B&amp;B was fully booked so we had to find someplace else. Very modern and clean. Well run with very comfortable rooms, excellent showers, and efficient elevators. Free WiFi in room. On the downside, it was more expensive than our usual B&amp;B hotel and did not serve breakfast but the room did have a nicely equipped kitchen nook complete with tableware, complimentary tea and coffee, kettle, microwave and refrigerator. The location too was a bit far away from the Theatre district and Oxford St./Covent Garden/Soho, our customary haunts, but very convenient to the Earls Court underground station. Buy an Oyster card for convenient bus and tube travel. For overpriced London, I would say this hotel represents decent value and would not hesitate in recommending it to adults with or without children.	
Oct 22 2009 	Perfect Location	A perfect location for The Royal Brompton Hospital. Perfect for a one nights stay. Hotel room very clean and adequate for our needs and it was nice to have breakfast in the room. Would recommend as value for money and closeness to tube.	
Nov 20 2009 	STAFF NOT AS GOOD AS BEFORE	I have stayed in the Days Inn hyde Park before it was like a year and half ago and i was a very frequent visitor then. i use to go there every month but this year i had to go to some other country where there hotel was as bad as there staff. i could not wait to go to Days Inn Hyde Park again. The hotel is good but the staff was the best they use to make me and my friends so welcomed and they were so helpful. They make us want to go there every single time. But we got really dissapointed when we went this time as the staff was very cold and could barely remember my name more than five mins, i had to call them like 100 times before they come to check the tv and get me hot water. And some of them couldn't even understand English properly. I don't think that we will be going there anymore. Very sad	
Nov 23 2009 	Never Again !	My husband and I must have been in the same room as the lady from Edinburgh. This was no way a 4 star double room. The bed was about 4ft wide and the room was so small it (the bed) was pushed hard up against the window. Therefore to get out of bed one occupant had to climb over the other. I haven't done that since a caravan holiday in Wales in the seventies !When we arrived it was about 4pm so getting dark and I didn't immediately realise why this room was so dark. As it was stuffy I opened the window and to my amazement realised that there was no 'view' just a huge air conditioning unit inches from my face !! If it had been a bright day there would still have been no natural light in this pit. The tiny cupboard known to some as a wardrobe also housed the trouser press and ironing board. There were no drawers for belongings. As we had come to visit The Royal Albert Hall I did not want to spoil my mood by having an argument about the room. Infact it was so awful we ended up laughing. Later that evening on returning to our room about 11.30 the security key card to give us entry to the corridor would not work. I went to reception and was given another card. That also failed to open the door. Back to reception to get another key. No good. The pleasant, helpful, embarrassed lad on reception arrived with the Manager's master key. No good. By now, after two glasses of wine, I had a fit of the giggles and asked if I should sleep in the lounge. We were taken on an alternative route via lots of corridors and stairs to our room. The staff were all pleasant and hard working. It is the management of this hotel who need to ask themselves if this is really 4 star. It is nothing like any 4 star hotel I've stayed in around the world.	
Nov 8 2009 	good location average hotel.	Just thought give a update of this hotel, stayed here on the 7th nov for the night while seeing the top gear live show. close to the earls court which was really good :) the hotel is nice overall, good reception area with lounge, nicely decorated.The room that stayed in had 2 double beds down in basement, couple of stairs to go down, room was tidy, clean(bed sheets had few marks on them), the tv was bad, reception not good, kept cutting out and skippin back to sky3 lol bathroom is tiny, everything is so close, sink,toliet and shower(shower was alrite tho) noise coming from chairs or tables moving upstairs at around 630am onwards, walls are thin, can hear peolple next door!Otherwise its a average hotel.	
Oct 2 2009 	Avni Luxury aparments - good value for money but beware the double bed!	Great part of London, close to the tube and other transport. The apartments are newly refurbished. The only issue I had was the double bed - if there are two of you staying and you are used to a queen bed, or a king, it will be a real squeeze!The free wireless connection was a bonus and one of the main reasons I booked the apartments. The front desk staff speak limited English, but as there wasn't anything I particularly needed, that wasn't too problematic.	
Nov 6 2009 	little gem at great location	Just around the corner of The Ritz and a minute's walk to the designer shops at Bond Street and Green Park, it is hard to find a better located 5* hotel. Quite recently renovated, this intimate luxury hotel is the place to stay if you want to spend a few days in London shopping and sightseeing. The staff is friendly, fluent in many languages and very helpful to make your stay as comfortable as possible. The rooms are not spacious but large enough, tastfully decorated, and the beds are among the best we have ever had in a hotel. St James's Hotel is our favourite hotel in London. We'll be back!	
Nov 19 2009 	great stay great location	I picked this hotel after reading other comments on this site. I thought it was a greatplace to stay. the staff was very friendly. the room ( 1 bedroom apartment) was clean and well furnished. the washing machine came in handy for a long stay. tough to use at first (it is a washer/dryer combination) nice kitchen. there is a tasco market just on the corner with great food. the underground ( liverpool street station) in literally accross the street. great for getting around London. be sure to get an unlimited Oyster card, only 28 pounds for 7 days, great value. the rooms look just like the photos. perfect type of lodging for long stay. living room, large bathroom, decent kitchen with dishwasher, sink, microwave, stove and over. there is no ocffee maker as we think of, there is a large pot that heats water so you use instant coffee. I brough along the new starbucks instant coffee since i had read a simular comment on another review. the water gets to boiling in like one minute. they sell coffee at the market as well as real cream. room was quiet. only down side is there is only one very small elevator so if you are are on an upper floor it can be a hike. with two persons and a large bag each is easier to take the elevator twice.	
Jun 2 2009 	Good Address	Stayed at this hotel during a business trip. Was reasonably happy with the stay. Was particularly happy with the service, which was close to what one gets spoilt with in India.Location was very good and I could walk to most of my business meetings, which were in the Mayfair region.While I had to check at noon as per the hotel policy, I was given a courtesy use of the gym for an evening shower before I left for the airport. My similar requests at other establishments have been turned down in UK.	
Nov 8 2009 	Well I've done worse!	My boyfriend and I booked this hotel as we were staying overnight in London and catching a show in the West End, the only down point was that we managed to pick a weekend when the DLR wasn't running however the staff were more than helpful; providing us with directions over the phone, aranging taxi to take us to the show whilst dealing with us being panicked and manic because of being late etc.The building is lovely and characterful, clearly coming across as a business/ training centre but the rooms are comfortable, well stocked and very clean - we found it to be great for a one night stopover and will definitely be back!	
Sep 1 2006	We loved Berners	For the price we paid Berners was above average. The hotel is in a great location, walking distance to Bond, Regent and Carnaby Sts and Piccidilly Circus. Oxford Street is 100 m away . The foyer and restaurant are lovely and breakfast is a must. The room was small but adequate. The service was definately better than most places we stayed, the staff were attentive and helpful with every request. We will definately stay there again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Fantastic Stay the best serviced apartment in london!	Its not our first time at Cheval Apartments, we always choose Thorney Court, Palace Gate whenever we stay for more than 3weeks (since its the minimum requirement) and by far its the most enjoyable time we have in london.. Hydepark is across the street, you get a stunning view of the park and kensington high street is a short walk away. The location is just perfect!The furniture is very english and cozy, it makes you feel that you are HOME! seriously, you dont feel that this apartment is rental, its your temp home which is what i love about Cheval Apartments. The kitchen has the best top brands appliances with fine china.The only thing i dislike about this place is their minimum stay policy of 21days!	
Nov 23 2009	Lost my reservation	My family is coming to visit me in London and I reserved a room here for my brother and I. I called multiple times a month prior to my family's arrival to confirm that they had space, make sure it was a good place to stay. All seemed to check out. I called one last time to make the reservation. She didn't take my card and said we just pay when we check in. I asked then how would our reservation be held and she said it was written down and it's fine. I asked for an e-mail confirmation and she said we don't do that. I called this week, two days before my family arrives, to confirm and she had NO reservation and are not completely booked. She was incredibly rude and the whole place is obvsiously a shame. I shouldn't have trusted it in the first place but I'm incredibly shocked that they are still around considering this amazing lack of customer service.	
Oct 30 2009 	May Be Less Than You Expect	Almost 40 years ago as a college student we stayed nearly a month at a nearby hotel on Cartwright Gardens, a fine London location, and stayed at a few other adjacent properties since that time. This time we stayed at the Jenkins Hotel because of its recommendations, including Frommers. I have to say while the staff was pleasant, the breakfast fine, and the facilities well-maintained, it was less than I expected (or may less than I need now that I am no longer a college student). Our first assigned room was at the top of the hotel, a long, many story hike up narrow stairs to a bare-bones garret with miniscule bath. We were switched to a main floor room which was much larger but again quite bare-bones. The two biggest drawbacks: a modular bathroom as small or smaller than on a typical cruise ship, along with an annoying odor, and a teeny-weeny breakfast room. As stated, most things were fine, and the location is pleasant, but if you are looking for something more than a college experience, I would suggest you consider alternatives.	
Oct 18 2009 	Everything was nice except towels which were dirty with splots and hairs on it	Well, I stayed in hotel for 4 days and during these 4 days every day asked to change the towels to the clean one. After cleaning works I found the new towel in my room with splots in different place and hairs. It was awful. I think for this price they could provide with cleaner towels.	
	It's absolutely fine. Don't worry!!!	I stayed in this hotel at the end of November after booking B&amp;B for 48 off travelsupermarket. I was slightly concerned as although I've never had an awful hotel experience, the TA rating was low and the comments were awful.The Vegas Hotel is well located and just 5-10 minutes walk from Victoria station which can take you to Gatwick airport easily. Check in was simple. I asked for a double but got a twin room, but I was too tired to complain and the twin beds moved together anyway!The rooms are small and typical for the sort of building in the area in that they are quite tatty. However, they aren't dirty - they just need a lick of paint. The en suite was fine but no cups in the room meant getting a drink of water wasn't easy. The windows aren't double glazed but the street noise is ok until about 8:00 in the morning. Breakfast is simple with decent orange juice, tea and coffee and some toast, butter and jam or marmalade.Overall, a simple and efficient night's stay with none of the drama mentioned by other reviewers.	
Nov 24 2009 	Very Small Rooms	Fairly conveniently placed for underground connections to most of tourist attractions. Check-in was friendly and efficient and reception staff generally pleasant and helpful. Similarly, waiting staff in the Breakfast Room were hard working and attentive. All very positive so far, Unfortunately the rooms are very small, and I do mean small! In our room there was a king-sized bed which left little room for anything else, not even a chair. If you wanted to sit down, there was only the bed. The bathroom was also very small. There was a TV in the room but reception was so poor as to make it unusable. The walls between rooms were paper thin-or appeared to be-as we could hear the conversation quite clearly from the room next us. The hotel was spotlessly clean overall and we had no complaints on that score.Breakfast was more than adequate with a reasonable range of dishes. The published &quot;rack rate&quot; was 135 for a double and I don't believe it is value for money at that level.I have stayed in much worse hotels but none with smaller rooms-even in Tokyo.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great affordable hotel in a perfect location	What a great hotel for a reasonable price. My room is lovely - quiet, good size and spotlessly clean. Everything is very modern and the showerroom is fab. I particularly liked the Club lounge where you can browse the internet and have tea and coffee for no extra charge. The real beauty is the location. It's so central and you can walk to so many of the good tourist spots. The only downside is that the hotel doesn't have a restaurant although I believe that is in progress at the moment. Highly recommended!	
	Great Service Great Value	I thouroughly enjoyed my stay at the Wyndham Hotel in London. The room was quite small, but it was actually larger than I expected, so I had plenty of space to move around. It was great to have a private shower and I didn't miss not having my own toilet since the shared toilet was right across the hall. The service was fantastic. I had to leave my baggage with the front desk since I arrived before check in, and when I returned that evening, they had lugged my 50lb suitcase to my room for me. Then they fought me tooth and nail when I tried to tip for it. The location is superb, being about 2 blocks from the tube in central London. Lots of restaurants are about 2 blocks away, as is a Starbucks and a post office at which you can exchange $ at no cost. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone who just needs a safe, quiet, comfy room to sleep in. Oh, the free wifi was great too. I never had an issue logging on.	
Nov 23 2009 	WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED I MEAN EVEEEER!!!	this hotel is the worst of all! i stayed there with my girlfriend in september, and we woke up in the middle of the night on our first night after a long day of travel from mexico, with bed bugssssss horrible, i payed 2 nights and no cash at all was refund! they told us they didnt had the money in the hotel beacuase the manager has it! so i never got anything. and still the employee told &quot;you cant come here and wake me up in the middle of the night to get a refund&quot; come at 10 where manager is back, at 10 manager wasnt there! jaja joke of place . rooms are small , bathroom is awful , and the beds are so dirty! it seems they have been there for 30 years or more!i went to a hotel next door of this crab, ant they told me that park hotel has been the worst hotel in 3 consecutive years, on belgrave road, i checked out inmmediatly and went to the best western , where service rooms quality was very good ! after that i prefer to pay more than staying in that horrible hotel! please trust me dont go there it stinks!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic hotel I'll be back again and again	I loved this hotel, there was so much that was great about it and I'll definitely be back with my husband (I stayed as I was meeting a friend for dinner). Great things:- Fab decor in the hotel and rooms- It's lovely to be shown around when they know it's your first visit, more hotels should do this, it's both welcoming and useful- I had a great large room with a fabulously comfortable bed and sofa and a large walk in wardrobe / dressing area - My friend and I had dinner in the restaurant and had charming service (and good food) from sexy waiters - a bonus, we felt- There were nice touches like chocolates in the room, a handwritten welcome note, flowers on the breakfast tray- The room was beautifully quiet despite the fantastic central location - All the service felt heartfelt and charmingI honesly can't fault this hotel - it's comfortable, sexy, glamorous and welcoming and I'll definitely be back.	
	Fabulous	Could not fault this hotel - great location, lovely friendly helpful staff, spotlessly clean, comfortable bed.... everything you could hope for. Loved it so much that I intend to stay there again next week!The only down side was that the room service menu was not operable after 10pm but I found a mass selection of fast food joints just around the corner to stem my hunger!	
	Bargain hotel with no frills	7 Tennis fans travelled to London and wanted to stay in a budget hotel that was cheap and cheerful and most importantly - clean! Well it was cheap, not so cheerful and it was clean. The rooms were en suite (v basic but ok). Bedding was clean and rooms an ok size. The breakfast was basic but kind of what you expect for 25pp. The hotel is handy for the tube but that's about it..it's a good half hour by taxi to the centre of London (1 hour to the 02 arena). We'd recommend it for a 1 night stay in London for anyone not that bothered about having sausages, bacon and hash browns for breakfast.	
Nov 14 2009 	A terrible hotel	I needed to stay in a hotel close by to the Princess Grace hospital as my husband was having an operation. The location of the hotel was the best thing about it!. I was shown to a tired poorly decorated, unclean bedroom that was so small. I refused to stay in the hotel even though I had no where else to go, I would of prefered to sleep in my car. I ended up at the local travel lodge which was much better.The owner asked me what was wrong and I told him that I did not think the room was very clean. His response was what do you expect for the price. Ruth Watson badly needs to visit this hotel to give it a complete make over !	
Oct 31 2007 	Good Area bad hotel	My firends and got there solely for the internet price we had found. The area aroung the hotel is very good and there is close tube station near it. The rooms are terible. We had a three bed room with all the beds being pushed together with a small passage in front of the beds. The bathroom might seem convenient if you are not bigger than a 8year old child.The breakfast room was a bit like the rooms and the bathroom, really cramped and smelly.	
Nov 25 2009 	Terrible Hotel!! Moved here from Tophams over-booking nightmare.Awful place!!	I had booked a &quot;surprise&quot; trip to London for my boyfriend's birthday for a one night stay at the Tophams hotel. Having read other reviews it seems we were also caught with the repetitive &quot;overbooking&quot; scam!!!. The receptionist is obviously operated by batteries and just repeats &quot;I'm sorry&quot; A taxi was ordered by them to take us to the KG hotel, whilst we were waiting for this another couple arrived to hear the same scenario of &quot;double booked&quot;. What a sham!! When we arrived at the KG hotel, first impression was that it was a good location. Reception greeting was flat and unwelcoming, and not a very luxurious looking place either. 4 floors up to our room in what looked like a staff lift that nearly eats your hands and luggage if your'e not careful with the spring loaded door!! Our room was a suite which was quite honestly appalling, tired, old looking, faded, chipped paint on walls, damp wallpaper in bathroom,stains on carpet,filthy dining table,cracked ceiling. 4 star plus rating?? By who?? Our complaint to move was unheard so we had no choice to try and enjoy our 1 night stay, neither hotels were willing to sort out anything as they were both &quot;fully booked&quot; and no manager available to complain to in either. I was told when I complained in the KG hotel to reception &quot;do you realise how much people pay to stay here&quot; Truly disgusting service. Oh, and its incredibly noisy next to the road and there are attractive building sites on either side of the hotel to top it off. Breakfast was a joke, burnt toast and tinned fruit, the quantities ordered were lacking, one glass of juice, 1 plate, 1 knife and napkin between 2! Would never recommend this to anyone, it ruined our stay. In devon where we live this would never happen. Very upset and disasappointed with how we were treated no one in the KG apologised or explained any of the procedures of breakfast or checking out.. I hope this helps someone else before they book to stay here!!	
Sep 24 2009 	tidy clean and cozy hotel in superb location	The Averard was tidy and comfortable. The price on the hotel room was very reasonable and included daily breakfast (60 pounds, booked through londonrooms.com). We enjoyed our visit there, particularly since the Averard was so centrally located: a stone's throw from Hyde Park, close to a well-stocked and hospitable convenience store and close to Tube stops - Paddington and Lancaster. It suited our budget-conscious needs perfectly. When we were there, there was some work being done on the building (scaffolding in pic)	
	Not worth the value of the money. Very disappointed with the service.	For a start, do not know how the hotel can be given a four star, especially when there is no chair to sit on in the double bedroom. Also, what does not make sense is that the hotel does not provide any toothbrush and toothpaste, nor face towel, though bath towel was given. Do not be cheated by the number of stars that the hotel rated itself, and the popularity of it. My husband was very disappointed when I told him that it is a four star hotel!!!!!!!! Another thing that is not acceptable is that the hotel staff forgot to give an important message from my friend, who cancelled an important appointment on Sat!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 3 2009 	clean and friendly front desk but the smallest double rooms in the world	coffee,hair drier etc.but no room to put anything bigger than a handbag.Breakfast ok but those rooms should be turned into singles.	
Aug 3 2009 	Cheap and cheerful	Having reada few of the reviews of the hotel two days before I travelled I was really quite worried about what I would find. On arrival, however, I was pleasantly surprised. Our room was on the ground floor and had two comfortable double beds, an adequately sized wet room with toilet, shower and wash basin, a kettle, hair-drier and TV. There was a good-sized wardrobe in which I quickly stored all our clothes (four of us there for five days) and there was still room to spare.The location was perfect. Just a two minute walk from the shops and restaurants and five minutes to Victoria station. All that and yet the street was very quiet; hardly any traffic and not much pedestrian noise. My only complaint was that we had to have the window open all the time due to the heat, though that was hardly their fault, it was a hot week. There was a fan in the room (not air-con) and combined they were sufficient to keep the room at an acceptable temperature.We only ventured down to breakfast on three mornings and found friendly staff and a small but servicable dining room. The toast and croissants were fine and the coffee was as coffee should be. There was a selection of cereals and fruit on offer and the lack of full english breakfast was made up for by the location of a fab cafe two minutes away (the name of which has, unfortunately slipped my mind).Overall we had a good week in London and would happily go back to the Caswell on our next visit.	
	Hotel 41	This hotel has a prime location right across from Buckingham Palace in the heart of London. It is a short walk to Green Park and Victoria Station. The service is most accomodating, though the prices can be a little steep, if you're travelling on a budget. Probably ideal for couples or small groups of friends	
Nov 14 2009 	Elegant but not stuffy helpful but not over-bearing absolutely loved it	We were planning a trip to London to watch Fleetwood Mac at Wembley and we spent so much time looking for hotels, checking out reviews and were still un-decided so in the end booked a 'secret hotel' and ended up with The Goring. To be honest we would probably never have chosen this one just from reviews and may have thought it stuffy and too 'old school, but we now realise from our stay how wrong we would have been and how lucky we were to stay here.From the moment we arrived we were met with very friendly, helpful and very smartly dressed staff. We were shown up to our room and the history of the hotel was explained, as well as the history of the sheep. The staff truly are a credit to the hotel.Bathroom was spotless, it was marble tiled, fab shower and bath and Molten Brown toiletries.The bed was one of the comfiest ever, had a great sleep.We never ate in the hotel as we already had plans, but saw fabulous afternoon tea and we did sample the cocktails, which were really good.We only have great things to say about the hotel and have since recommended it to friends and when next in London would certainly book in again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Very small and basic	We made the mistake of reading reviews for Hyde Park Hotel not Hyde Park 'Court' Hotel:- Check in easy &amp; smooth- Staff pleasant enough- Room didn't smell very nice- Bathroom/ toilet tiny and smelt musty- Shower was very poor- Double bed was tiny in a very small room- Breakfast was basic but pleasant- Great location	
	disappointing...after all the hype and status attached.	I had always heard of the Cumberland Hotel during my many visits to London but never stayed despite dining at the marvelous restaurants and bar area within the hotel which look delightful especially at night. We were told the rooms would be upgraded but the room was extremly small, dark and pokey... we could barely move over our luggage....maybe 3m x 3m. There is just a glass that divides the bath room from bedroom and I hated it. I complained and asked for my room to be changed with aseperate bathroom. This was arranged but also very small and not the standrd of a 4 or 5 star hotel. I spent most of my evening in the lobby as that was the only nice part.	
Sep 3 2009 	A very bad experience	We selected this hotel because it received a good writeup in the guidebook I consulted and because it looked and sounded wonderful on the hotel's web site. If the photos and reviews were ever accurate they are certainly not so any more. When we arrived at the hotel we discovered that we could not use the main entrance and had to enter via the basement door which was down a narrow flight of stairs. We then had to carry our suitcases up several flights of very narrow and steep stairs because there is no elevator. The first room we were shown had twin beds when we had ordered a double bed. In addition it looked out over a &quot;garden&quot; that was overgrown and filled with rubbish, and also overlooked a railway track that appeared to in constant use and was very noisy. There was a patio door that was completely insecure as it did not lock properly. We asked for a room with a double bed as had been originally requested and at first we were told that there were no rooms available. After a while however we were given a different room which was up several more flights of stairs. It did not have a double bed but rather had two single beds pushed together. The room was very small and cramped and was filthy. It looked like the carpets had not been vacuumed in quite some time, and the blankets and bedspreads were dubious as well. The wallpaper was peeling off the walls. The bathroom was dirty and there was mould on the tiling. There were dirty dusty plastic plants in the window boxes. We were very unhappy but decided to stay and make the best of it because we were only staying one night. I could not have stayed in that hotel more than one night, and in fact found staying there even one night an ordeal. We asked the manager for a wake up call and he agreed to this, then later came to our room and informed us that he could not do this for us as the system was not working. We had to get up early the following morning and so we did not have a chance to sample the breakfast but I would have been very reluctant to do so in any event given our overall experience. All in all this was one of the worst experiences I have ever had hotel wise and I would recommend that this hotel be avoided.	
	Eccentric Friendly Economy hotel	It is hard to have the heart to say anything negative about this hotel as the staff are so genuinely friendly and helpful, and are prepared to go out of their way to ensure your comfort. They kept my bag a whole day after I checked out at no extra cost for which I am extremely gratefulI think the staff at the hotel are mainly from the former Soviet Central Asian Republics and is a hub for the community which gives it an exotic vibe. The decor is Central Asian with a slight Soviet flavour. More could be done with decor in the rooms, in particular, to make them a bit more boutique-like and less utilitarian. That said the bed was fine and the bathroom functioned well.I would come again for the atmosphere and friendly staff if nothing else.	
	Mediocre	The best thing about the hotel was the price I received from Orbitz ($160/double inc VAT). The location is very near the tube but keep in mind the tube is under extensive renovation, is extremely crowded these days, and may not be running at all on weekends. When we were there, we took the tube to the hotel from Heathrow. What should have been an easy trip -- as the hotel is directly across from the Gloucester Rd tube station -- was a virtual nightmare due to overcrowding of the tube. I literally had to stand on one foot part of the way as there was insufficient floor space for both. The District and Cicle lines -- also across from the hotel -- were closed all weekend. The hotel is not particularly close to many tourist attractions with the exception of Kensington Palace and the south Kensington museums. What looked like a straight shot to th Tower of London required us to ride 4 different trains. So beware of reviews extolling its easy access to the tube. We also could not find any satisfactory breakfast spots nearby. The hotels wants over $25 for a continental breakfast and the nearby spots are mostly bakeries and coffee shops. If you want a reasonably priced, old fashioned English breakfast close to the hotel, good luck. The room itself was small, about par for the course in London I guess, although recently there seems to be a trend toward larger rooms. Apparently the trend has yet to reach the Baily as there was woefully inadquate drawer space. My husband used the few small drawers availiable and I had to live out of my suitcase. The hotel claimed to have room service but I have no idea where two people could have eaten in the room. The floor? The plumbing also had issues. Both my husband and I were forced to use the public bathrooms as ours would decide not to flush about once a day. I occasionally wondered why we were paying for a private bath and having to take the lift 4 floors down to use the lobby facilities. The hotel is ok and for the price it was fine I guess, although there are always deals available and I have stayed at much nicer, more convenient hotels for about the same price.	
	The Worst Hotel I've ever had the misfortune of staying in....Avoid at all cost!!	The Hotel was absolutely appalling the worst Ive ever had the misfortune of staying in. The staff were the epitome of cretinus incompetents. In short this place is best avoided at all cost!Stinking, Damp, Cold Poky Room, Hideously bad Staff attitude &amp; Service. Staff were at best bungling, ineffectual, and hopelessly inept. Didnt like: TV channel selection - 1 channel was available with 'snow'. Breakfast was an absolute farce, worse than kindergarten level service, food dried up (what there was of it) Staff announced &quot;we don't have any orange juice left&quot; Staff didn't seem to care about anything what so ever customers were viewed as irritants not paying guests. In order to find a teaspoon my partner ventured into the kitchen to find it's a total filthy health hazard worthy of notification to Environmental Health. Double booking is also common place here, staff do not call back or read e-mails. 40 Minutes to book in whilst observing arrogant receptionist struggle to handle numerous guest complaints in front of us. The receptionist never even acknowledged my presence.Didn't like lack of toiletries in the bathroom, or the absence of bathrobe or slippers, didn't like the drafty doors and windows, poor noisy heating or anything about the supposedly &quot;superior plus&quot; room. I'd rather have stayed in a 50 Pounds a night B&amp;B	
May 4 2009 	Oh My God!!!!	I was booked in the Spring Park Hotel by a client who, needless to say, no longer rates as such. After three tube rides from Central London to get the the hotel I was on my way back home within ten minutes of arriving.After getting lost upon leaving the tube station and finding myself in a near ghetto (lugging several hundred pounds worth of video equipment behind me) and fearing for my life, I eventually found the hotel which, on the outside didn't appear too bad, neither did the reception area; pretty much what I'd expected for 40 per night in London.But what awaited me on the floors above had to be seen to be believed! The room (which wasn't en suite) consisted of a bed (which admittedly, looked clean and was made up), a wardrobe which looked like it had been retrieved from a tip and painted white, badly; a bedside cabinet, again looking like a rescue job with a top covered in cup rings and cigarette burns; a filthy dirty, threadbare carpet, a kettle that was filthy and, had I had any desire to use it would have to have sat it on the floor as the only available electrical socket was on the other side of the room from the 'hospitality tray'; a hand basin that had certainly not been cleaned for several weeks if not months; and to top it all, a stain on the wall near the hand basin that, on closer inspection, appeared to be a lump of dried vomit! The bedroom window didn't need a net curtain as privacy was assured by way of the thick film of dirt.Against my better judgement I decided to check out the shared bathroom. Words cannot describe what confonted me. The whole bath was filthy dirty and the rim was covered in limescale that had gone way beyond the 'brown' stage. This was black and thick with mildew. The toilet handn't seen even a dash of Harpic for years, probably. Oddly, the door had several holes punched in it, presumably from people trying to get out!Please, please, please DO NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, STAY HERE. Sleeping on the streets is a far healthier option.	
Oct 7 2009 	I would rather die then come back here	We booked a room for 5 people on the internet, and they didnt inform us that we would be charged 5% using a foreign credit card, if we had known we would have paid the full amount on the internet. The hotel Beds were so bad, I think my dad's backache has just kicked in again! the toilets needless to say was small like my DOGs hut and the rooms was a total mess, they threw linen everywhere and the towels just like mention above was disgusting! The internet WIFI can only be access through the lobby, and for your information you cant call from the room, you need to come to reception to call in front of the receptionist! The whole place stinks and I have decided to write to the tourism board as soon as I get back, its just plain terrible! if you would have to spend 75 pounds anyway just go some where else! seriously! I cant wait to see this hotel shut down!breakfast - gosh its so not continental man! its worst then my school canteen food. its just white bread and jam, they dont even bother to refil the jam when its finish! I promise you if you ever come to this place you will cry and suffer so forget it! will show you some pictures when I can	
	Excellent Excellent Excellent	My wife and I recently stayed at this property with our one year old. I can not say enough about how wonderful the service was. The hotel is well managed, and the staff were all extremely pleasant and professional. We could not get within 15ft of the stairs before someone was there to help us with our stroller. The area is very close to 2 large parks and adjacent to the metro stop. There is a grocery across the street and several restaurants close. We arrived early so the staff took us to the lounge for a brief stay until our room was ready. I am a regular marriott business traveler, so I am used to the lounges. This one was very nice compared to some. The room was very clean and well appointed. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Disgrace!	Not worth going into detail, just don't stay here.As I left I said to the receptionist 'this place is horrible' she replied 'I know'	
Oct 9 2009 	Disgusting hovel	Don't stay here- stay in a public toilet cubicle overnight and get the same experience but for free.Dirty, noisy, tiny rooms- yuk!	
Nov 22 2009 	Great service and a great location	My wife and I enjoyed our stay last june great service close to all attractions	
Nov 6 2009 	cute boutique hotel some problems	things to know:1) you need to buzz in to get into the hotel and sometimes it takes a while for the guy to come open the door for you after you buzz2) the breakfast was really good3) the rooms REALLY vary in quality. we stayed in 3 different rooms during the course of our stay. first was huge, but in basement, and a/c made obnoxious noises. second was cute, smaller, had a little porch that was shared with another room. third was nice, bigger, no porch, but hard to get to (take elevator to 2nd floor then walk down some steps then walk up a flight of steps.. that's the only way to get there)basically if you don't like your room ask for a different one and you might like it a lot more since they vary in quality/size so much.4) pretty close to the tube, and in a nice area. South Ken is beautiful but pretty empty at night so be aware that walking back from the tube at night you might be one of not many people on the street. Still, never felt unsafe.5) Just a tip to know, if you can book your cab to/from airport online it's better than booking through hotels. The hotels all rip you off and charge like 50 pounds. Online you can find nice limo services for as little as 20 pounds!6) There is wi-fi at this hotel but there is no computer to use so y ou need to bring your laptop or your iphone.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great staff excellent location	I only stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, but I wish it had been longer. You can't beat the location, you can literally see Gloucester Rd tube station from the hotel's front door. I wasn't exactly what you would call an easy hotel guest as I had a broken leg, but the hotel staff were really so kind to me and organised for me to get to a hospital to see a doctor, and really just went out of their way to make sure I was accommodated. As I was confined to my hotel room for the entire stay I feel well qualified to comment on the standard of the room, and I found it to be perfectly comfortable. Perhaps it was because I had heard so much about how small European hotel rooms are but this room felt large to me. The bathroom was also great, good size and really good shower. I only paid something like 60GBP for a double room as it was last minute so it was really good value as well. So overall a really good stay, I will definitely return the next time I am in London.	
Sep 29 2009 	Front desk	Front desk staff when checking in were wonderful as well as kitchen staff!!	
Feb 7 2009 	stay away	what a dump , dont be enticed by cheap price and location, its a dump.	
	Practical and trustworthy accomodation for a good price-quality ratio	What are your expectations? If they are practicality, hygiene, a not exuberant price, and overall no burdens during a short tourist stay where you will be out all day traveling around London, then you can easily place your trust in this fine hotel.My expectations beforehand were on the lower side, as I read some scary reviews about many hotels in London. But this is a complete, clean, modern hotel that I would award quite a few stars. Its location is also pretty ok (buy a TravelCard for the underground).My room, which was at the backside (at the station side) on the ground floor, was a larger room with 3 beds while I only needed one, a friendly gesture. Let's get that underground-noise myth out of the way: you can hear it (if you want to), but don't worry about it. I'd choose the backside over any hotel alongside a road with normal traffic any day.Now that you've decided you want to stay at this hotel, let's get some facts straight. These are details however! Things well-prepared travelers coming here should know, hardly points of criticism:- If you didn't know already, the rooms are long and small. Then again very comfortable. As it's only for a week you will only remember the latter afterwards. By the way, I assume this is the same for any of the hotels at Earls Court due to the type of houses.- The beds are about 1.80m long but there is no board at your feet. The &quot;double&quot; bed I had was a 1.5x bed. The third bed is more like a luxurious field bed for a child. Still, I can see this as practical, besides I was alone and ordered a single bed room. Oh and I am 1.95m and slept very well.- The bathroom is white, small, and one-piece but high-quality. This is actually an advantage because you can be sure it is clean and you don't have to worry about making a mess. Just get in and shower.- There are no continental European power plugs, except for a razor in the bathroom. Adapters are available at the reception but quickly run out. If you have one already, bring it yourself. If you have to buy one then don't.- There is no ethernet cable in the room by default. Get one from the reception, but again there are not as many cables as there are rooms. Most people can probably bring one themselves, you should do so. Ethernet cat5e cabled fast internet with DHCP. Another tip: instead of bringing a heavy laptop you worry about, why not bring a smartphone and a small WiFi router?- You can drop your bag at the reception for free. At St. Pancras station this costs you somewhat 8.Friendly and humane service that you can rely on. No catches. Lots of staff around. Quiet. Breakfast is certainly above standards, also with service. There always was room at breakfast, at about any hour. Yet the hotel was full at the end of the week.Personally I think hotel prices in London are high, but this is the best price-quality ratio I could find, and after my trip that belief has only been reinforced.All my preoccupations were cleared from day 1, and from start I enjoyed the many bonuses I didn't expect. You can believe the other good critiques below. My rating: excellent and well-deserved.	
	Simple hotel good location	Overall the hotel provided exactly what we needed - a base for a 2-day sighting seeing trip around London. The location was good since it was right near the Earl's Court Station that allowed us to get everywhere we wanted to go. Otherwise there was not much near the hotel.The room was actually bigger than anticipated. It was very basic though. Only negative was that the one women at the desk wasn't helpful at all with any of our questions. Would recommend for a basic sightseeing stay.	
Oct 26 2009 	Shaking house and no sleep	Had I known that the hotel was directly above the Underground and that the building shook from 6AM until Midnight, I would not have stayed here. Fortunately, I only had to stay for one night or else I would have gone elsewhere for the remainder of the trip. Additionally, I worked with the front-desk person to secure a 6AM taxi to Gatwick the following morning upon check-in. At around MIDNIGHT (well after I went to bed) I was startled to here knocking at the door from a different front-desk person to confirm the taxi pickup. The room was odorous and tiny. And when our taxi arrived early the next morning the front-desk attendant knocked on our door to let us know, but he also simultaneously came well into the heart of the tiny room while we were finishing getting ready to take away our room key - while we appreciated the notice that our taxi was there, we did not particularly like the unexpected intrusion into the room to grab away our room key. Location and price are about the only thing this hotel has going for them. I will never stay here again and will advise everyone else to avoid as well - I like sleep and privacy when I purchase a night at a hotel room.	
Oct 31 2009 	FAIL	hey. this hotel was HORROR.....dirty, nasty, loud, small rooms, nasty breakfast.	
	Beautiful Hotel in Great Location	We just spent four nights in two adjoining rooms on the 5th floor at this hotel last week and we all couldn't have been happier. Spacious and well appointed rooms with typically beyond comfortable Marriott beds and bedding and large, though a bit retro, bathrooms. My only complaint, which we knew prior to arriving, was that there would be no wi-fi in the rooms (although breakfast and pre-dinner drinks in the executive lounge gave us all enough time with our laptops). Staff was very helpful and friendly (and the lovely lady at the front desk went out of her way to accomodate our requested early check-in). Being within walking distance of Shepard's Market, Buckingham Palace, Oxford/Bond Street shopping was so convenient. Would love the chance to go back and stay there again...	
	Great location good service but needs a refurbishment	We had stayed at this hotel before so knew what to expect. It is in a great location, opposite Hyde Park, within easy walking distance of many bars and restaurants and an easy Tube ride on the Central line to theatreland. The reception staff were very friendly and efficient and the room we were given was exactly what we had requested (junior suite on the top floor overlooking the park) The room was large with a separate sitting area but the furnishings were jaded and the bathroom was particularly poor. The shower was little more than a trickle and the flush was temperamental. Tea and coffee supplies were meagre (two teabags, with no choice of teas and two small milks is not acceptable given the price we paid - 225 per night!) Toiletries on offer were also a bare minimum and there were none of the little extras we have come to expect from similar standard rooms in cheaper 4 star hotels (eg bathrobes, slippers etc.) I accept that London is expensive but this hotel represents poor value. However, the breakfast is good and the restaurant service was excellent. The corridors and staircases of the hotel look very shabby and need a major refurbishment. Our main complaint was that there was major building work going on buiulding new apartments immediately adjacent to our room and we were woken before 8 each morning by drilling and hammering. We felt that Thistle should have informed of this in advance.	
	Worth trying if you get a good rate	Good location near to Baker Street. Staff very friendly and helpful. Rooms are small but fine if you just need a bed for the night also beware noisy neighbours. Complimentary breakfast included and a decent enough selection to choose from to start yor day, also tea, coffee, chocolate available from machine in lounge all the time we needed it. Room clean and towels changed for our second day there. Not sure if I would pay full rate but I got a good deal so I felt I got good value.	
Sep 10 2009 	great price great location	I just returned from a one night stay at this hotel,I literally arrived here about 11pm and checked out at 10am. it was perfect for my needs. the bathroom was spotless, the sheets and towels were clean and the location was a 2 minute walk from earls court tube station and the room had a working tv! I paid 40 for a double room so what I am complaining about I didn't really mind. the paint on the wall was peeling, there were scuff marks around the bin, there was no air conditioning (but the window opened and there was a nice breeze, we were up early so early noise didn't bother us). The breakfast could really be skipped, it consisted of a bowl of cornflakes, half a glass of orange juice and toast with margarine(definitely not butter) which was all a little bit unedible. The room was small which could get a little annoying if going for a longer stay. For a quick stop over this hotel was perfect and wouldnt find a cheaper hotel in that location in London.	
Feb 26 2008 	Give this place a miss	I am a Londoner and I come at least once a year. This time my usual hotel (The Corus on Hyde Park) was full so I booked here, with my daughter. The hotel itself is OK, in a nice old building and a good location in a quiet road just a few minutes' walk from Oxford St. It was obviously a grand building once, but now needs some investment. There is another hotel next door, which bizarrely is connected to this one, with its clients directed to this one's Reception. We used the other hotel's entrance because it was closer to our room! We discovered that there are also two types of room here; large, comfy, well-decorated and pleasant - and not.Our room was grotty. There were three rickety beds crammed into the room, and the only window was high up, above the level of the door. We didn't feel that we wanted to spend much time there, so it's good you've got London on your doorstep. The bathroom was a 'modern' (1970's?) room tacked on the back, which they had tried to make nice with a lovely old bath but couldn't dispel a damp &amp; draughty feel. There was graffiti on the back of the door and the furniture was 'council flat' chic. It wasn't very clean - the sheets on one of the beds hadn't been changed. My guess is that the 'nice' rooms cost a lot more.Breakfast was a bit of a lottery - if you got there late you'd find they'd run out of croissants, and because the breakfast room (the bar) was so small it was full up, so we ate in armchairs in the stting room with it balanced on our laps. The staff were ALL foreign - London is a multi-cultural city but without any English at all it felt a bit rootless, and the staff didn't seem a happy bunch.	
Oct 14 2009 	Not as advertised	Agree with most of the reviews. Place is not at all as depicted on website. Room was freezing cold, toilet seat broken, everything felt dirty. Was with a group of 10. Luckily we found an alternative and only had to spend one night. I felt sorry for the staff, seemed very nice, they looked sad when we left.	
Aug 31 2009 	A terrible terrible hotel.	Poor service, dirty and dangerous (ancient electrical wires hanging everywhere, old sockets). This hotel is a trap for people who wish to find a cheap basic London hotel by internet. It seems that all their clients reserve/pay for their stay in advance by internet. So, when they stick you in a miniscule, dirty room looking onto the street with a large window that cannot shut, you are stuck. They were supposedly constructing a bathroom on our floor while we were there, i.e., the renovations are being funded by the client who suffers from (1) the noise of the construction beginning very early in the morning; and (2) the fact of having to go to a toilet/shower 2 stories below. Read the rest of the commentaries on this site for more. Thanks again to the Internet and client feedback. I regret not having consulted this before!	
Nov 15 2009 	superb value perfect for family city trip	We booked out stay at the Columbus only 24 hours before our stay when we took our 4 year old son for a trip to London to see the sights, Aquarium, London Eye, Hamleys, Christmas Lights etc. We wanted somewhere central, near a tube/bus stop near the sights.We found the Columbus having been astonished how much the chains, Travelodge, Premier Inn, Holiday Inn etc wanted for just one night with some not including any breakfast in their rates. It was perfect for what we wanted. Yes, its not luxurious but neither are the budget hotel chains but it was totally adeqaute for us.Comfortable double and single bed, with room between them, showeroom was very clean (yet cosy) - one at a time only.Breakfast was included and was made up of tea, coffee, juices, bread, toaster, croissant, rolls, cheese, ham, cereals, yoghurt, fruit, jams and chocolate spread (loved by our 4 year old on his toast)For food in the evening we went to the Swan pub round the corner, welcomed our four year old (although they did not do child portions for food they supplied plate for us to share our dinner with him) where we had a great meal before heading to see the Xmas lightsNext morning, Hyde Park only 3-4 minute walk away for refreshing strollIf you have concerns about booking with an independent hotel rather than a chain, (like we did) then rest assured, the Columbus is just as good as any we have stayed in.	
Nov 7 2009 	Excellent wonderful hotel	We booked this hotel as son having op at the Wellington Hospital, excellent location if you are visiting someone, you can walk it in 5 mins, we arrived early for hospital appointment and asked if we could check into the room. All was ready, room very nice, not that big but good enough. We hadnt booked a table for a meal but managed to get one at short notice, meal was brilliant excellent food. Would definately stay here again but hopefully not for hospital visiting!	
Jun 27 2009 	Very basic	A trip to London on business is always tricky when it comes to working out whether to drive and park in the centre or park on the outside and catch the Tube. I decided on the latter, and whilst it was only 5 minutes walk from Gants Hill Underground station, the accommodation was very basic. The room needed modernising, you wouldn't have a bath unless you were desparate and the TV had no remote.There was a pub/restaurant next door which was very affordable but overall, this is as basic a room as you can get. You get what you pay for.	
Nov 19 2009 	Small room but great value	My sister and I are from Singapore. Despite us being petite Asians and me travelling frequently to Japan and staying in their small rooms, I was still taken aback by Elysee Hotel's match-box size room. Other than that the service was good, rooms were clean, breakfast was very good, and location was fantastic! Definitely great value for money.	
Nov 2 2009 	Good central London choice	Stayed here for one night for my wife's birthday (even though we live in London, I thought it would be fun to stay in a hotel not far from home). As I've lived in London for 12 years I knew the location was good -- just off Oxford Street for shopping, a short walk to dozens of good restaurants, and 2 minutes from Marble Arch tube. Check-in was friendly and efficient. The room (an executive room -- 118) was spotlessly clean, with a very comfortable bed, great bathroom and a good view over the street. Breakfast was tasty and efficiently served. A couple of things were missing from the room - an alarm clock and minibar would have been nice - but for a 3* hotel I was extremely impressed by the facilities. The room was on the small side and a bit noisy at night -- but this is central London so that should be expected.Only slight gripe is the queue for checkout in the morning - an express check out for prepaid guests would be good - but once I got to the front of the queue the service was friendly and efficient.I think it would be hard to beat this hotel in the West End without paying significantly more.	
Oct 26 2009 	Very Good Choice	Had a great stay here. Arrived at hotel at 8:00am after long flight from Australia. We were given a room straight away and offered breakfast as well - no problems!!. The rooms were typical London but clean and fresh as well as very good value. Great location and overall this is a good choice for a few nights and I would recommend to anyone.	
Nov 20 2009 	DISGUSTING HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE	The room smelled like smelly mens feet and everything about the room was dirty and grotty.At night the room was freezing cold and the spare blankets smelled so bad I resorted to sleeping in my clothes.. scarf and hat included. When showering as there was no fan in the ensuite ( where mould grew on the ceiling and walls and pieces were falling from the shabby ceiling tiles), the fire alarm went off...following which the guy from reception pounded on the door. Walking the streets all night would have been a better experience. NEVER AGAIN.	
	Dog Friendly London!	The Best Western Mornington is an average hotel - we stayed here because they allowed our dog to stay and Best Western's tend to be pet friendly so when traveling with a large dog, we know we can rely on the Best Western. The location is good - it is near 2 tube stops and 5 minute walk to Hyde Park, which is also very good with the dog. There is not parking, but it was very easy to find street parking. The rooms are very small, even for London standards and look like they need a bit of a clean / refurbish. The internet was awful. I could not get it to work on my computer and noticed several people having the same problem - the staff could not help with this. Overall, the hotel is average. It was not very expensive and since we are regular visitors to London, it was fine for us. If you are just looking for somewhere safe and clean to spend the night, this is fine. If you are looking for luxury and are new to London, try somewhere else.	
Nov 19 2009 	Not bad for a short stay and short people! :)	Well, 1- I have to admit that the rooms are clean and in an excellent condition with towels, soap &amp; shampoo already provided. 2- However, the corridor is somehow narrow and I believe that a 1.90cm tall guy won't be able to walk through as it is somehow short, too!. 3- Also, the staff look unfriendly, you will never find them smiling even if you smile at them. 4- I asked for a towel at 7:00pm and I was informed by the receptionist that towels &amp; other room services can only be provided from 7am until 2 or 3pm (which is unusual at any hotel). Also, I asked for locker maintenance two days ago, and still haven't got anyone to fix it! :(5- At the first sight from the outside, you may feel disappointed, yet you'll find yourself lucky once you enter your clean &amp; tidy room (don't worry).6- I booked my room for 68 GBP (14 days early booking through the hotel's official website ). However, you may find it cheaper at other websites.7- Breakfast is excellent, free buffet located on the first floor.8- If you want Wireless Access to the internet, you have to go downstairs to the reception to pay &amp; get your voucher (at Premier Inn hotel you can buy it online with your Master/Debit card, which could be mostly preferred by lazy people like me!) :)9- Bathroom is small, clean with very nice warm water.10- I recommend this hotel for single and couples; for short stays (less than a week).11- Edgware road station is just 3 minutes walk.12- The good thing here is when I asked for half an hour internet voucher, and the reception guy did not charge me for it. Despite the bad points given above, the hotel itself in general is nice &amp; quiet, and it will will be on the top of my mind next time I come to London.I will try to add photos as soon as I can.Feel free to contact me about the hotel.Have a nice stay.Marzooq	
	A Tad better than Tourist Class	We were cautious about a hotel in a converted terrace house, since the sound transmission of every footfall from the room above in a Pimlico (Belgrave Road) tourist class hotel a few years ago kept me awake each night. At the Academy I was sure to request a top-floor room in advance and on arrival--and having just read that so many others suffered the heavy footsteps of their upstairs neighbors, I'm so glad I did and very grateful to have been granted one (the pretty but uncharming clerk repeated that he could &quot;not guarantee anything&quot;). The interior storm windows were effective in reducing street noise. I'll very briefly list the strengths--location, location, location, near lots of interesting restaurants, shops, the British Museum, and the University of London. The decor is charming, too, as most reviewers have already said. The weaknesses center on attention to detail. I had to ask twice to have the light over the bathroom sink repaired. The bottled water was missing the last day. Neither were the coffee packets replaced over the three-day stay. The tiny bar of soap (in the shape of a frog) was never replaced, nor were the fine shower amenities (shampoo, conditioner, body wash). The drains in the bathroom smelled, and on the second day the wakeup call came 40 minutes late. And the last night a attic exhaust fan whirred noisily. The front desk staff is polite but undertrained. I booked the room through the hotel Web site and would highly recommend booking through Kayak or another consolidator, so as to pay in American dollars, if that is your currency. (The dollar declined so badly that we ended up paying $233 per night for a tiny room.) I'd certainly stay Bloomsbury again but would try for the Hotel Russell.	
Oct 20 2009 	low price hotel	near Camberwell Green - well connected with Oval station - near ethnic restaurants and local shops.	
Nov 10 2009 	GET REAL	we stopped at this hotel for the reason most other people do; THE PRICE !!!hotel IS dated and very tired decor wise,accomodation was more than adequate,everything worked as it should.heating was great,towels changed daily,as a family of 5 this cost us 64 per night,cheaper than a travel lodge!!,in the heart of london,2 mins from tube,would i stay again? DEFINITELY, if you want luxury stay at the hilton or ritz and pay their extortionate rates,if you want somewhere cheap to get your head down at the end of a hard day? then this is your placeexcellent helpful staff,come on folks GET REAL you aint getting anywhere cheaper or better value for money	
	Comfortable solid hotel	All in all I can recommend the hotel. The room was clean, the breakfast was good. The rooms are comfortable and have a romantic old style. But my room was rather small, the bathroom definitely was too small. For 1 night, this definitely will do it though.	
Nov 17 2009 	Rooms in terrible state	Thankfully I only stayed at the Best Western Chiswick Palace &amp; Suites. My room had so many problems it was amazing...* Hot water took up to 15 minutes to come through.* Shower only heated up to luke warm!* surfaces in bathroom covered in grime.* Large gap under door creating draft.* Windows didn't shut properlyReception staff were friendly but uninterested in helping remedy my maintenance issues!	
Nov 9 2009 	Good value great location!	The Belvedere is a great, no frills hotel located just steps from Paddington station. We stayed there as we had an early train to catch in the morning &amp; wanted a cheap hotel that was close to the station. We got exactly what we wanted. The rooms were simple but clean. Breakfast was simple and absolutely fine (but definitely not &quot;gourmet&quot;. We felt like we got good value for our money. Yes, the stairs were steep, so I would not recommend the hotel for the elderly or disabled. But for us (two able-bodied women in our forties) we were easily able to lug our bags up to the third floor. If you're looking for elegant or luxurious, you should pay the extra money &amp; go somewhere else. But if you're looking for basic, clean, convenient at a reasonable price, the Belvedere would fit the bill.	
	Mostly good...	Our room was very nice and beautifully decorated. We stayed 4 nights and it was my birthday on the day we arrived and the Ritz had put champagne in the room and a little cake and that was lovely. But we also got some strange treatment in that we asked if we could have a later check-out (not really expecting it because the hotel seemed quite busy) and were told we could have a one hour extension, then got a call at 11.45pm (yes, at night) to say that we couldn't have the extra hour. Very odd to call so late when they could have told us the next morning. We also needed to book our seats on BA and asked if we could use the business centre (meant to be open 24 hours?) computer. No. We had to hire a laptop for $30 or $40AUD and used it for maybe one hour and then had to have the boarding passes emailed to reception at the Ritz, and when we checked if they had them they didn't, but when we checked again they'd been put in the junk folder and they told us so, which was just not professional and the way they handled it was quite insulting. The dining room is spectacular and we enjoyed our dinner there both nights, and we also liked the room service. Breakfast was ordinary. The ladies in the beauty/hair salon were pleasant and thoughtful. If you're the type who gets offended at being asked if you're a guest each time you re-enter the hotel, then don't stay here. We would just have our card handy to show the doormen when we returned. If you aren't the type to dress up each day then don't stay here because there is a dress code and it was great to see all the beautiful clothes, shoes, bags and hairdos, but if you're on a tour then it's difficult to have enough appropriate clothing. We can't rave about the Ritz, but it was an experience we wanted and we get a bit of a buzz to think that we've stayed at such a famous hotel.	
	Will always check here first when staying in London	This was our second stay at the London Elizabeth and we will definitely look into staying again. There is no denying that it is tired and shabby in places but it is only chips and cracks. It is clean and comfortable and has such character. Our first room was quite small but we must have been happy with it as we booked again for our next London trip and our room this last weekend was spacious with two armchairs, fireplace, desk and wardrobe. There was street noise this time but it didn't really bother us. The room was too warm for me but most hotels are (there was air conditioning but we didn't turn it on). There are no tea or coffee facilities so we took our own travel kettle etc, there is no fridge but we found a ledge outside the window to put the milk on. The location is brilliant, (google it, it has street view), bus stop outside, seconds away from Lancaster Gate tube and minutes walk from Kensington Gardens, few more minutes from Hyde Park. We (in our mid fifties) easily walked to and back from the Royal Albert Hall (takes about fifteen - twenty minutes). All staff we met were friendly, check in staff were brilliant and very helpful. There is a lovely pub just around the corner called The Swan. Breakfast comes with the room and on this occasion the bread rolls were stale, but you do have cereals, tinned fruit, yoghurt and fresh blueberry muffins. There were croissants, pastries and some brioche but we didn't have those so cant comment on the freshness of them. I should add that the breakfast last time (end June) was much better. Both times though, for two of us, with breakfast it didn't cost 80 for everything and at that price (in London) it is a bargain. If you can afford to pay more, maybe you should do so, but if on a budget, I would definitely try this.	
Sep 16 2009 	You con only call it dosshouse	The TV and radio doesnt work. The coffee cups were dirty and there was noisiness all the night.	
	best place in the UK	I've stayed at the Ridgemount off and on for nearly 20 years -- traveling alone, taking groups of students from SUNY Geneseo, playing with friends. Mrs and Mr Rhees, the owners, their son and long-time employees make the hotel a home-away in every sense of the word. True, some rooms are better than others, but all are clean and cleaned daily, all are warm in the winter, all are as friendly as small rooms can be. There's a free tea/coffee machine in the lounge. The breakfasts are wildly generous and the wait-staff are all very kind to tourists who don't quite know the difference between a B&amp;B and a restaurant. You can leave your purse, your laptop, your first-born in the room and have no doubt that everything will be there when you return.The location is priceless. You are on several major bus lines, 2 short blocks from two Tube stops, a long block from the British Museum, and the biggest Waterstone's in the world is right across the street! Bliss! (Eat at Wagamamma down on the left almost to New Oxford St.)For a small fee they will do your laundry for you -- a priceless service in these days of carry-on baggage! Drop off in the morning, pick up at night = budget traveler's delight.Five times I've taken groups of students for January study-abroad classes and it's only the Ridgemount that makes this possible. For small groups (10-12) SUNY can staff with only one faculty member and no admin person, so it's very much working without a net for the faculty member. The Ridgemount is my net. Not only do I know that the kids will get 24/7 good advice and London travel help from the main desk, not only do I know that they are safe at all times in and around the hotel, but the Rhees family pitches in and helps in all sorts of situations. Mrs Rhees brought tea and juice to the room of a sick student while the class was off to Canterbury and her son drove us to the hospital on another occasion. They are a wonderful family and they genuinely want to help you in any way possible. (And they provide a shoulder to cry on for the tired/exhausted/pissed-off professor.)The people who have written bad reviews here may not know just how hard it is to find a clean, safe, affordable room in the very middle of London.The two best rooms are #20 (a small double one flight up and on the garden side) and #2, a tiny single on the first landing. (The #2 bath is microscopic, but the entire west wall of the room is a giant window opening on the back gardens and in the summer it's like sleeping on a terrace -- fabulous.) The street side is noisy in the summer (duh?) but in the winter with the windows closed, there's no problem. There are many rooms without baths, which is a nice option if you are broke. The shared facilities are extremely clean. All beds are great with real cotton sheets and generous blankets -- not that you need them, because the heat is the most generous I've every experienced in 2+ decades of constant visits to London. When I stay for longer than a couple of weeks, I do go over to London House (Goodenough College/Club in Mecklenburgh Square) but that option is very expensive if your aren't an academic/member.I really can't say enough good about the Ridgemount. Stay there!	
	Great LocationOutstanding Staff	We spent 1 night at this hotel.The Staff could not have been more friendler..everyone of them said Hello and the Concerige was really helpful.There are some renovations taking place but it didnt disturb us,the room was a little dated but comfortable.It did lack a tea/coffee maker but this was the only negative.we really loved the location and would definetly stay there again	
	Awkward and unfortunate hotel in great location with friendly staff.	Not a great place. I was here in August to check it out and had to move because my room's hard-wired internet (the only kind they have -- no wireless!) didn't work. Additionally the air conditioning never gets quite cool enough, the shower/tub has a short, awkward nozzle that isn't adjustable which forces you to stand over the drain, the elevators are small and slow, and the business center is a tiny closet in the basement. Though we asked to stay elsewhere this time, we're on a corporate room block and have to be here. I e-mailed a few times with the hotel manager and an assistant manager for various questions. Very nice and accommodating, as are all the staff I've encountered. Staff are wonderful - the hotel needs a major makeover. Speaking of, the gym (an LA Fitness next door) is closed for renovations so they're bussing guests to another one a few blocks away. Unfortunate timing.This time I arrived and was excited to get room 701, on the top floor. If this room is an indicator, don't do any room with the &quot;-01&quot;. The room is awkwardly opposite the elevators. The door opens in right off the elevator lobby, without any kind of baffle or foyer, so people in the elevators, or waiting at the landing, can look right into your room. And the noise! Talking/yelling/whispering guests and elevator notifications (&quot;going down!&quot;) kept me awake all night. They're moving me to another room today (for an additional 40 quid a night!) so hopefully it will be better.	
Oct 20 2009 	A budget hotel	I have stayed for 2 nights in late September and lived in the upper floor. There is no lift in the hotel with a narrow stair. You need to take your luggages to the 4th floor by yourself. The room is tiny but quiet without any bad smell. The water heater is very noisy during operation. I was afraid it may explose during bathing. The water pot is quiet dirty and i dare not use.The service is good. The staff is quite friendly and helpful. But the breakfast is the worst in my trip of visiting UK. Only beans, egg, toasts and corn flakes!There is 10 minutes walk to underground station (without any luggages). Along Shepherds Bush Road, there are Tesco (opened until 10pm), post office, many pubs and small restaurants. There is another branch of the hotel, Royal Guest House located in Shepherds Bush Road with 3 minute walk. Don't mix up with this hotel as I also made this mistake when I booked the hotel.The price is quite attractive. It is a good choice to you if you want to have a cheap accomodation without sharing bath room.Find another hotel if you don't like walking, if you will take a large baggage, if you want to have a great bathing or if you want to have a good breakfast.	
Nov 7 2009 	Clean Friendly Good Value for Money	Stayed from 2nd to 6th November for a week long meeting / conference near Marylebone. The hotel was really easy to get to from either Paddington (3 min walk) or Edgware Road (8 min walk). I had a single room which was not big, but it had a bigger than single bed. VERY clean. Lovely warm powerful shower. The only thing I could have done with was a desk to do some work which was all taken up with the tea/coffee making facilities. Breakfast was a nice choice of continental breakfast (all cold) but I wasn't there for fine dining. THe staff were all really polite and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great Location!	I stayed at this hotel with my husband for a 2 night stay last week and after readng previous review was not a bit worried about what we'd find but upon arrival to this hotel after just 5 minute walk from Paddington I was pleasantly surprised, the staff were nice enough and our room (101) was a bit old fashioned but the bathroom looked new and the whole room was spotless, The main reason I'm putting this review in here was to tell you how honest the staff here are, I left 3 expensive items of clothing hanging in the wardrobe and I didn't even realize for a week, when I rang the hotel they had kept them for me and were only to glad to arrange to post the clothes to me at home. They didn't have a number for my as I booked through Lastminute.com and we're not in the phone book, I was so pleased to have my clothes returned it just goes to show you that there are still plenty of honest people left in this country, Thank you Orchard Hotel, we wil return.	
Oct 23 2009 	YUCK!!	Tired,dirty and rooms like cells - rooms in basement were gross offered alternatives but no better really.En suite was tiny - hair and blood on the toilet and wash basin.Please don't waste your money - reported findings but staff not concerned - responded with a shrug.	
Aug 1 2009 	Never Again	Room 10 top of house, not en-suite as described so need pjs to use &amp; shower no good if you're over 5'6&quot;, water pressure non-existent. Room 2 next to office, extremely noisy &amp; if you're bigger than a size 14 you'll not fit in the loo, sounds like you're in an underground water system when next door use their 'bathroom'. We stil can't believe there was a loo and shower in that tiny space.Breakfast room was a joke. Cramped, stuffy and sat at a kitchen worktop looking out onto to a jungle of garden!Curtain poles in both rooms were hanging off therefore curtains were closed all the time.	
Dec 15 2008 	a place to like	This is a beautiful hotel, so quaint and yet so glamorous. The service is wonderful and just what you need nothing more nothing less. Very conveniently located, very easy to find would definitely recommend it to everyone.	
Nov 20 2009 	Positive Weekend Break	This Hotel is very well run. There are fresh towels etc. daily; the room is cleaned each day and beds fully made up.Though rooms may be a bit small never-the-less they are more than adequate for a short stay.The staff are very friendly from reception to catering.The hotel is conveniently located with easy access to Paddington rail/tube station and food outlets.I stay there regularly and can recommend the Mitre House Hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Destroyed honeymoon	Just arrived back home from a stay at the Henry VIII hotel. WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!! A four star hotell that should be ripped of it's stars. We contacted the reception when it turned out that our room didn't have any water. My husband were asked if he really needed a shower on our stay..... HELLO????? After a promise to fix the problem during the day, we returned to the hotell in the afternoon to be told that we lied and that our room had water. We went upstairs - and NO no water at all. After some discussing we were offered to shower in another room, but we would have to return the key as soon as we vere finished showering..... My husband went down to the reception to find out what their plan was to get water in our room - NO PLAN - but another offer to use the toilet facilities in the basement. With me pregnant needing to use the toilet during the night, this was not satisfactory!!!! We kept the key to the second room. When attempting to go into this room later that night to use the facilities the reception had closed the key. So, back againg to the reception where we were accompanied to our room by hosekeeping. The lady tried the shower and sink - no water. She told us there was nothing she could do and she left. We left the hotell to go to the toilett at a cafe near by. The next morning we checked out as soon as possible and left for the airport. We were not offered any excuse or money refund for the poooooor service. NOT RECOMENDED AT ALL - TAKE AWAY THE STARS!!!! Our honeymoon was destroyed by this hotell and their staff - which could not have been attending any hotell training at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 24 2009	Oxford Street on your doorstep	My mam and I have just returned after staying for one night at the parkwood this weekend. The location was fantastic for shopping with Oxford Street and Marble Arch tube station just minutes walk away. The hotel itself is fantastic with a welcoming lounge and lovely staff who were happy to help, they even allowed us to order in food when the weather was to bad to go out for a meal. Once we got our case to the room the stairs wernt to much of a problem but if you are older or would struggle to carry luggage up the steep stairs at the top then make sure you book early and request a room on a lower floor. It wasnt bad for us though. The room was very clean and the beds were comfortable with a flat screen tv on the wall and a sink and lit mirror over it. There was plenty of storage for clothes and all your things. The breakfast room was lovely and we were served very quickly a full english breakfast with toast tea and as much cereal and juice as you like, you are even offered seconds of the cooked breakfast if you can manage it. The hotel is in a little street next to Hyde Park for excellent evening walks which meant it was lovely and quiet which is a bonus being so close to everything. We will certainly be using the hotel again and would recommend it.	
Oct 21 2009 	Good hotel in outer London	This is a nice little hotel in a residential neighborhood in the suburb of Ealing. Since it was made by combining several row houses, it has an eccentric layout and the rooms have shared toilets and bathrooms. However, my room did have its own sink. I stayed there because I had a friend living in the neighborhood, but this could make a low priced base for touring the city. It only cost me 33 GBP per night and was only a 7 minute walk from the Ealing Tube Station. The place is staffed 24/7 with a live in manager who took care of everything--fixing breakfast to cleaning rooms. She was very helpful and friendly. If you are willing to travel on the Tube each day, this may make a nice, quiet place to stay for your visit in London.	
Feb 19 2006	Service is an oxymoron	Stayed at the hotel with my wife in January. Would definitely not recommend. Some of the worst service I have ever seen in a hotel. My wife had booked a room after having gone to the hotel 10 days earlier while she was in London. She had spent an hour looking at the rooms and then reserved it on her AMEX card. The hotel then cofirmed the reservation with me personally on the phone 3 days prior to our arrival. They promptly gave away the room and gave us the smallest room in the hotel saying that they had needed it. The manager lacked any grace and does not understand what service means. They had not the slightest sense of compunction. I personally do not know how it can survive.	
	Love love love this place	We stayed here for 5 nights after reading the rave reviews but it really does live up to the noise. Great, modern, value for money hotel. The staff are second to none with their super-friendly, proactive attitudes.There are loads of great restaurants, bars, cafes and clubs nearby but even the bar and the restaurant downstairs is worth checking out for a meal or drink before heading elsewhere.We always looked forward to our yoghurt, muesli, banana and OJ each morning.	
Nov 14 2009 	Quirky but good.	Stayed here as we had to attend a film premiere at Leicester Square so location was important to us. Perfectly situated 5 mins walk away from the cinema.On arriving at midday our room wasn't ready but as check- in was 3pm this wasn't the hotel's fault. They stored our luggage and suggested room would be ready at 2pm. Staff were friendly but I thought they looked a bit scuffy. Their uniform consisted of a light coloured shirt and dark skirt or trousers. I think they would create a better impression wearing something smarter. But they were helpful and polite. The public areas are good, with antique furniture and a lovely log fire in one of the drawing rooms. Staircase to bedrooms was a little uneven but that's due to the age of the building and added to it's charm but if one was infirm could be difficult as there isn't a lift.We stayed in a superior room which was perfectly large enough but rather dark. Bathroom had bath with overhead shower. Overall the decor and furnishings were very good. Modern amenities included a flat- screen TV concealed in a cupboard and an iPod dock.Breakfast was brought to our room promptly the next morning having placed our order outside the door the previous evening and was good value at 10.95. There was a choice of bacon in a ciabatta roll or a continental breakfast with pain au chocolate, croissant etc, plus tea or coffee and choice of juice.Overall we enjoyed our stay and it made a change from staying in a large bland modern hotel. Location is excellent for central London but bear in mind Soho can be noisy in the evenings.	
Sep 29 2009 	all promise no delivery	i booked a twin room was given a double and foldout settee complained next day was told that was what i had booked even though .i had my booking form stating a twin . and was more or less told tough .the noise outside at night was likr living on a street with a bunch of getto blasters partying youths and car horns when i mentioned this was told it was not usualy lke this . only when i told them i was going to contact head office was some thing done .they offed me a camp bed .ha ha . then a twin room turned up from now where and we were put in the basement out of site out of mind .the room was not used very often has it had cobbwebs on the ceiling and the back of the settee and the lights had to be kept on even during the day because it was so dark .the bathroom had bits of tiles missing on the floor and yhe list goes on	
Oct 29 2009 	Astor Court - Its OK would stay again!!	The hotel is very close to Oxford Circus Tube and its location is ideal for Oxford Street, The service from reception was good and the staff are friendly and happy to help. The rooms are OK in size and very warm (exceptionally clean). The breakfast area is very small and the breakfast is very basic but its OK!! toast and coffee etc only! no full english at this hotel	
	You get what you pay for	We wanted a cheap, clean and well located London hotel for one night and that's what we got. We had no expectations about frills (there are none). I would recommend it if the hotel and its services are not the focus of your time. Like other reviews the key card didn't work initially.	
	Cracking Gem with Central London a 30min tube ride away	Stayed 2 nights at the Chiswick Moran to attend a friends wedding at Kew Gardens and I am soooo glad that we did. Its a cracking hotel which, if it was in central London would be far more expensive. We were booked into Room 425 which was a lovely spacious room, albeit set up for disabled guests-although that meant it was very spacious. The carpet was lovely and the room was very modern and well designed. It is only about 400m away from Gunnersby Tube station and ideal to visit Kew Gardens and about a half an hour away from Hampton Court-it was ideal for our needs. The bar is lively and when we stayed (Fri and Sat) had a DJ playing which gave a great atmosphere with some cracking bar staff to boot! Only had breakfast the first morning (was severly hungover on day 2!) but it was good 7/8 out of 10-its a help yourself style buffet but no baked beans : (. We had a lovely evening meal on the first night selecting the set menu which at around 17 for 2 courses was good value for the food.	
	You Just Can't Beat the Location!	If you are coming in to London from Heathrow, you just can't beat the location. You take the tube from the airport, get off at Green Park, come up from the tube station and you are there. You are a staring at the Hotel Ritz, and are a 5 minute walk from Fortnum &amp; Mason's, the Royal Academy, Picadilly Circus, and walking for 5 minutes across Green Park, you are at Buckingham Palace. So, is this the finest hotel in the world? Nope. But like buying a house, location, location, location is what it's all about.We stayed on the 6th floor, and I feel like I was staying in a different hotel than all the people who've left complaints on this website. The bathroom was perfectly modern and clean, with lots of fresh towels (and extras in the closet). The room looked like an American Holiday Inn (but smaller). Two double beds, a desk, and a small table with 2 chairs. For those who have stayed in other places in London, you will recognize just how difficult it is to find a room with two double beds.The furnishings, including the bed coverings and the drapes, were new. I did notice, however, that the carpets in my room were stained and dirty. My only other negative comment is that if you are coming from abroad with stuffed suitcases, beware. There is a luggage rack for ONE and only one suitcase. There is no room AT ALL for anything else. The closet is very big, however, so you can stow your other suitcases in there.If you want to stay at a hotel with a big, fancy lobby, lots of meeting rooms and a super exercise gym....this is not the place. However, if you want a clean, modern room smack dab in the center of London, I don't think you could find a better spot.	
Nov 24 2009 	Forget 4* this hotel is a 1* hotel	I have stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth for the past 6 years and this hotel used to be fantastic, in fact i would have classed it as a 5*. Over the years the hotel has received alot of bad press ( on 'ITV 'Tonight' Programme which related to undercover investigations regarding the Raddison Edwardian Kenilworth cleaning practices i.e- dirty towels and linen to clean bathrooms and drinking glasses, using toliet brush to clean wash basin etc ) but i stuck by them thinking they made a major change to their working practices so lets be loyal and give them another chance.Well, for the first couple of months staying at the hotel things changed. Now the hotel has gone down hill again. You maybe thinking how do i know? well i have stayed here so many times and have seen it with my own eyes.The standards are shocking, the staff are rude, the rooms are unclean, the TV never has any reception, the windows in some rooms do not open (the staff say its because of health and safety- great if you like living in a prison).Overall i think you need to think hard about staying here. You maybe thinking why do i stay here?1) its beacuse it used to be a excellent hotel and i thought they may change.2) because my firm has a contract with them (Which hopefully which change as i have given them a raft of issues when staying here-).This hotel chain loves to take praise from its customers but struggles with criticism. Prime example just look at some of the positve responses it have received (on here) and the managment has responded. The negative responses left by customers never get a response (maybe they cant see them or wish to ignore them)Radisson.......my advice (to Raddison and Mr Singh- owner of Raddison Chain) is to wake up!!!!!! and look at what is going on in your hotel (Get loyal users of your service to provide feedback not mystery shoppers to just have a glance). If you dont this will effect the brand and the reputation of your organisation (it already has with me- and the many others i will telling about my experience- worst hotel in London to stay at and i have stayed at many) Customers reading this......overall the location is great (but their are other hotels in the location) but stay at another hotel until they have had an refubishment and a good clean or you will be paying the price of a 4* when you only should be charged for a 1*.	
	Contemporary and clean comfy beds convenient location and knowledgeable staff	My husband and I spent three nights at the Andaz through redemption of my Hyatt Gold Passport points, and were very happy with our stay. We were offered coffee and tea upon our arrival. Our reservation was in order (we had requested an early check-in when we booked the room) and the non-traditional check-in process was relatively seamless and quick. We were earlier than our early check-in request, and they gave us the option to wait until the room-with-a-view we requested was ready or take a similar room that was ready but internally-facing - we took the ready, internally-facing room.We enjoyed the sleek styling of the lobby, and the traditional styling of the internal area between the hotel and the 1901 restaurant. The decor of our room was also sleek and contemporary, just a bit dark for our tastes as our windows looked internally into the hotel &quot;courtyard&quot; or atrium (which we knew ahead of time).The room was very clean, and the bed very comfortable. The bath was okay; the shower's water temp would fluctuate quite frequently and seemed to lose its heat as the shower progressed. Also, there were no regular outlets in the bathroom except for face shavers - they did provide a hairdryer and hideaway mirror vanity at the desk, but I'd prefer to have the option to dry my hair in the bathroom; my husband had to shave his head with his electric head shaver in the bedroom instead of the bath. We heard very, very little from our neighbors through the walls of our room; the noise we did hear was from the hallway - doors closing, the clinking of glasses/bottles from the housekeeping carts, etc. But it wasn't an overwhelming bother.Compared to the hotels I've stayed at in the U.S., turndown service here was pretty late in the evening - close to 9pm.We didn't use the workout facilities, but we did take a tour of them and were impressed. The gym was relatively spacious, with cardio equipment and weights. There was a steam room also, in addition to the treatment rooms associated with the spa.The staff we interacted with were all friendly and very helpful, providing information about food and attractions both in the local area and in other areas of London.We found the hotel conveniently located, right next to the Liverpool tube station and a short walk to the Spitalfields Market, St Paul's Cathedral, London Bridge, etc. What we didn't fully realize is that the area right around the hotel is mostly business-oriented, so some of the shops and eateries are not open later in the evening or on the weekends. We were doubly-surprised to hear that some of the Andaz's restaurants are also closed over the weekend (the sushi place and Catch). Their George pub was open on the weekend, and we enjoyed a pint there and the ambiance. On Friday evening, we had a late night dessert and coffee/tea at Andaz's Eastway - both the sticky toffee pudding and the banana dish were fantastic.We would definitely stay at the Andaz again for our next trip to London.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great ValueGood Location	My partner booked this hotel for a weekend visit to London. As other's comment the hotel looks nothing from the exterior We were welcomed with a friendly greeting from the receptionist. Our room 212 was spotlessly clean a little small but perfectly acceptable. The bathroom again was spotlessly clean and well appointed with a lovely shower which feels like a power shower. The bed is very comfy. One word of warning to the ladies, the hairdryer in the room did not work and even though the receptionist gave me access to another room to try theirs that one did not work either! The breakfast is basic but acceptable. The best thing about the hotel is the location, 100 yards to the Oval tube, on the Northern line only 5 stops from Leicester Square, so you are in central London in 10 minutes. A great value hotel. We will definitely use again.	
	Excellent little hotel in Kensington.	Like a previous reviewer I was recommended The Rockwell by a colleague of mine. I was very pleased with the outcome. The whole place had a 'home form home' feel, which I personally look for, having been let down in larger establishments, where I feel the service can be substandard. Here the service was first rate and the staff friendly. The rooms were very clean and large and the food was great, a first rate experience.	
	Not bad for the price	We stayed three nights over Thanksgiving weekend. While it's a ways out of downtown London, the little town it's in is great--lots of delicious restaurants, inexpensive shopping, close to a fairly major highway. Our two rooms were spare but comfortable and very clean. Bathrooms were fine. Mattresses were sad, saggy and lumpy, but at least not rock hard and the sheets fit and stayed on well. The comforter was just the perfect weight for the weather--we all slept well. There's an in-house restaurant with room service, which we never had a chance to use. The a la carte prices were reasonable, except the buffet breakfast, which was high. It's difficult to find the parking lots, but once you figure out the one way streets and round-abouts, there is safe, adequate parking. We'd go back. For only nine pounds a night for two people, it's a great bargain!	
Sep 19 2009 	I will not stay there again	The bed is too small (I'm 1.8 m height). Hot water in the shower are coming after appx. 15 min. You have to stand in the bed in order to watch TV. The worse: I had to change my reservation from 4 to 3 nights. The manager charged me fully stating that is the policy of hotel. I think sometime a business can meet the customer and bypass the policy, especially in emergency case. But not here. in addition they charge in advance since they afraid that you will disappear without paying. I guess that these are the kind of guests that they deal with in this hotel. Therefore, my place is not there and I will not be staying again in this hotel.	
	Great hotel	Stayed here with 3 kids. Had connecting rooms. Spacious, quiet, comfortable, nice pool, nice restaurant, great location, and good value. Nothing to complain about.	
	basic hotel .not interested in clients once payment is recieved	stayed here for a long weekend . found one member of staff rude very and manager very uninterested in our complaint . this bar man was in our opinion very anti irish .we were refused the 10% discount that was supposed to be there for residents.closed the bar early and even refused to serve us last night there .other staff members offered to serve us ,but for a group of women on a weekend away it totally ruined it ..	
Sep 30 2009 	Not a bad choice for the price	I stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of July. There are so many hotels in London that it was very overwhelming to find something. We chose this hotel based on the price just because we were on a budget and everything is so expensive near central London. We also heard good things about the location so we went for it.The location is definitely awesome! Earl's Court is a very cute area and the hotel is a 3-5 min walk to the closest metro station and you are in the center within 10-15 mins. The hotel itself is alright, you get what you pay for. We had a room for 4 people with a private bathroom which is great because it was hard to find this for the price but the room was quite small, old and hot.The staff is relatively helpful and the breakfast is really just toast, cereal and jam but they serve a typical English breakfast as well (didn't look too great).If you are on a budget and want a good location, this is a great choice. Next time I am in London though, I will try to spend a bit more money and find something a bit nicer.	
Aug 14 2009 	What a Shame!!!!!!	Last year i stayed in this hotel for couple of days. Staff was nice and helpful, location was good and price was OK. I was told that hotel is going to refurbish with in few weeks . Keeping that thing in mind i booked this hotel again and i was amazed. Hotel was in really bad condition. Rooms were dirty, breakfast was awful, new faces on the front desk and very unfriendly. I would recommend to spend some more and stay in a nice hotel.	
Nov 13 2009 	Wonderfully relaxing	As a Quaker, I've stayed at the Penn Club quite a few times. It's recent refurbishment, however, makes for an extremely pleasant stay. Although I couldn't get an en-suite room, my single was well-furnished and cosy. The lounges downstairs are restful and being able to cook your own meal if you want to is a bonus. Breakfast is good and the staff are as friendly as ever. There's also free internet access. Bearing in mind you are in the heart of London, you couldn't find a better place for the money.	
Nov 24 2009 	Lovely Hotel	We are a young couple, and we stayed at the Cromwell for a romantic escape. The hotel it's clean, the staff it's nice and it's good located few steps away from the Metro!I'll be back!	
	Great location tiny little rooms mediocre service	Chose this hotel for its location - near to Green Park tube. Will not be going back again. The service was mediocre - sometimes good, sometimes standoffish and not helpful. The rooms were really disapointing - and the corridors were small with lots of steps up and down which is a pain.Overall well worth avoiding unless you get a great rate and don't plan to spend any time in the room.	
Mar 18 2008	Stinky - Oxford House	Filthy net curtains - filfthy carpets.Gross - Smelly toilets.Got sent to another building - climbed up flights of stairs - got to room only to find telly wouldnt work without remote. There was a note on the wall saying if I wanted to use telly I had to get a remote from reception. Why couldnt they give me one when I booked in????The only good thing about the place was the location!	
Nov 17 2009 	Good quality for a good price	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The hotel wasn't expensive at all, it was clean they had a friendly crew and the rooms were big enough. We traveled with a disabled person, but because the hotel was very close to the DLR-station he was able to get to the underground very well. Good connection with the other underground lines. Breakfast was good except not much to put on your bread (no meat). One of our rooms smelled like smoke since previous visitors smoked in the room.	
Oct 5 2009 	Excellent service for London (South) it's great!	I booked this place because it's walking distance to Ministry of Sound and a short cab ride to Mass in Brixton.Upon arrival we found the staff at the front desk to be *extremely helpful*, we got a room on the 2nd floor, but that was fine as the staff helped us with our bags.No lift at this hotel.In terms of the room appointment, it was compact and very clean. There was hot water on all the time in the shower and all the other facilities in the room were fine.I have noticed plenty of complaints on here, but I am a very picky person and found no reasons to moan. If we had any problems they were dealt with quickly and the front desk's staff were friendly, efficient and very professional.All in all, I'd suggest this place to anyone who wants a simple place to sleep. At the bottom of the road are some very good places to eat (Mama Thai is fantastic) and Elephant and Castle tube is only a five minute walk. It's South London and you feel like you are in the middle of the action. This was a great find. Oh, always book online for the best prices.	
Aug 6 2009 	Not good	Just back from 2 night stay at Admiral hotel London but there was nothing admireable about this place. We had a triple room on the third floor up steep stairs. There is no lift. Our room was tiny, very hot with a very pokey shower room.I was disappointed with the bathroom there were hairs in the shower ! The shower was more of a dribble than a shower, pathetic ! Beds were ok. Light bulbs missing, broken dressing table door very old coffee sachets which I was afraid to try.The heat was unbearable, we had to try to sleep with the noisy fan on all night, but it didn't help much.Breakfast was an experience...we had to queue for a table and the waiter was run ragged, poor guy. It did have a good point though it was close to Paddington Underground which was great. Don't buy tickets from reception for &quot;big bus tour&quot; they promise 20% discount but there is none. Get them online.Definately needs a visit from the Hotel Inspector!!!!!	
	Warning !!!	Reception staff where polite, but demoralised by the constant barrage of unhappy customers complaints and demanding there money back.The dining room seem to have know training at all, it was like they had all started that morning it was just chaos.The location was good local to the bus routes and underground, and a quite square.The reception area was clean but needed up dating, however once out of the reception area you where confronted by heavily stained carpets and the very poorly maintained state of the hotel.The rooms where very dated and in a poor state, with broken furniture, the door lock was broken as well as number of other things, the linen was clean however because of the general state of the room i cant say felt at home or comfortable in the rooms.The worst and most dangerous fault was on opening the draws between the beds dangling in the draws where live electrics, which where uninsulated and a real threat to life.Cant say i ever complain about anything but really you will ruin your break if you stay here, this is not a cheap hotel and it just strikes me that the owners of this hotel are taking there guests for a ride and will continue all the time they can get away with it, and clearly dont care.They have staffed the hotel with people who have probably never had a days training who they obviously dont care about either, and i think thats who i probably feel sorry for!!!!	
Jul 6 2007 	So embarrassing a hostel would have been nicer	Luckily we were only staying a night!Our room seemed like it had been quickly cleaned, yes it was smelling quite stale, then we noticed we had a lower ground room with a window view of the rubbish bins... they were leaning against our window. This is by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, in my life! Even dodgy Thailand hotels are far nicer.Oh - the breakfast was stale too.Terrible service, Terrible atmosphere, Terrible food, Awful room.	
Nov 14 2009 	Disappointing like meeting Danni Minogue without her make-up (I imagine)	I was doing some collaborative work with somebody from another US company. She made the arrangements for where we would stay and the agenda of visits we'd be making to prospective Market research companies. So when she said we were booked into the Selfridge Hotel. My thoughts in order were, &quot;Wow thats cool&quot; and &quot;I'm glad I'm not paying&quot;. Well after the trip I was 50% right, I was glad I didn't have to pay out of my budget, but &quot;cool&quot; it wasn't! First shock was car parking - I got directed to the adjacent multistorey, and paid around 70 to park my car for 2 days! Then, when I went up to my room, having seen the rack rate, I thought, surely there must be some mistake and by accident somebody has given me the keys to a cupboard where they keep all the worn out discarded furniture! I checked again, and the number on the door was the right one. The room was tiny, and I can only describe it as grotty. If you've read any of my other reviews you'll know I'm not picky and am realistic about what to expect from a cheap hotel. Well, even if this was cheap I might have been a bit downhearted. But of course it wasn't cheap, it was VERY expensive, especially for what it was.My colleague told me her room was similar, and I had to assure her that wasn't typical by UK standards, and I also felt ripped off. I filled in the &quot;comments slip&quot; and handed it in when we checked out, but looking at other reviews on tripadvisor, it looks like nobody read it!We did however have a good time, the business side went well, and we selected a MR company that did a good job for us, and in the evening we just stayed in the vicinity of the hotel, ate at the Spaghetti House Restaurant just over the road, which was nice, and did a bit of local pub crawl (Jan wanted to experience some British pubs), and we ended up in a pub with kareoke. Very amusing! I was also impressed by her capacity for beer, especially of the warm British variety! So, we had a good time and profitable business trip despite the hotel. Read my other reviews, I seldom give bad ones, but this really really was not value for money, or even pleasant but expensive, it was expensive and disappointing!	
	Trip in London	Great service quite friendly and helpfull staff The room we had was quite small but very cosy..English breakfast eggs and bacon wich i dislike but that is personnal ....What i like most is the location well situated in the heart of London and surrounded by old and Victorian buildings...This is how you want to see London and is diversity with different type of restaurant and prices are affordable ....	
Nov 21 2009 	Distant from attractions but excellent hotel!	Stayed here for 3 days, and loved it! I had paid extra for a view overlooking the harbour, but since I was checking in early -- the room in question wasn't ready. I was exhausted from the traveling, so they prepared another room for me while I had complimentary breakfast. Had a delicious breakfast sipping on fresh orange juice while overlooking the marina. They had construction going on, at times audible -- which the staff was very apologetic about.Moved into the hotel room, and was very pleased -- a spacious living room/office, large bedroom, and 2 washrooms. The main washroom had a separate door for the toilet, awesome! Very courteous and friendly staff members. The front desk staff greet you by your name (they make it a point to remember it) as you come back into the hotel daily. Breakfast rolls in on a trolley at a time you prefer, and cleaning ladies visit your room several times during the day to tidy it up. It's really difficult to beat the level of service!The only downfall is that the main attractions are all quite distant from the hotel. You will end up cabbing a lot, which adds up pretty fast! The internet is not free and phone relatively pricey, so expect extra charges for that. Overall, you can't go wrong with Wyndham Grand!	
Jul 30 2009 	Worth to stay in	The room is cozy and comfortable with just the right amount of space for the 2 of us. It is within 5/6 minutes of walking distance to Paddington Tube Station, also about 14 minutes to Bayswater Station, plus it is easy to find halal food around the area (Subway,Kebab and Chicken Cote). I still remember my partner went to Bayswater while we had 'cat fight' and it was easy to find her around the area (after searching for her around 1 hour at Paddington and Bayswater). My point is, the place of the hotel is well located.We only had one problem with the air-conditioning (its leaking!) . The bathroom is small but we still managed to take shower together. It was really fun and thanks a lot to Paddington Court Room for the wonderful stay. I will definitely stay at this hotel again. Thanks to my partner for choosing this hotel. Love you forever!	
Oct 27 2009 	a disgrace it should be knocked down	this hotel is the worst ive stayed in for a start nothing like the pics on the web its smelly rundown, dirty, in bits. we had to change rooms as the room had half a kitchen in a box room with walls that were black from a leak,tiles broke,no hot water, smelly carpet,rude staff we booked out earlier than planned. the fire escapes where blocked on all floors by broken beds and mattresses. the bar in the basement you wouldn drink or eat in it!!!!!**********DO NOT STAY HERE IT SHOULD BE CLOSED DOWN BY  ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH***********!!!!!!!!!!!WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE	
	overpriced/overrated	We booked a theatre package which recommended this ( 4 Star hotel !) My sisters &amp; myself were looking forward to a relaxing birthday celebration.The first thing was one of our rooms was still not ready at 4pm then we discovered one was considerably smaller &amp; very dark we asked for another room but were told there were no more to be had. we could not get a seat or meal in the hotel on Saturday as there are no facilities for paying guests over the general public the only thing we were told to do was order room service ! considering the overpriced rate of this hotel we wondered what facilities we were paying for. Breakfast was good but we were kept waiting for a table each morning &amp; the dinning room was very cold, on complaining we were ignored..staff we very abrupt and rude On our last day we tried to get a meal before leaving only to be told they had run out of food &amp; the kitchen was closed ! we have travelled &amp; lived abroad for several years &amp; I can honestly say this is the most dismissive disorganised overpriced hotel we have had the misfortune to stay in . because they have a captive audience due to location (which is very good),pride in a job well done along with standards &amp; quality are sadly lacking (watch out for the same standard reply from the hotel)	
Oct 7 2009 	The Kingston Lodge is a delightful frendly place to stay	On my arrival I was welcomed in a friendly and a warm manner, Reception staff is very attentive. I found my room 213 very welcoming; I found all I needed in there, Very high standard of housekeeping were evident. Plenty of space to work for business people. Toiletieries are of very good quality and Tea/coffee facilities helped me to work long hours. I had my dinner in the bar and ordered Cajun Chicken, which was delivered to me in time and piping hot. Unfortunately I did not manage to complement staff for such a wonderful service when I was asked by receptionist on departure that ' How my stay was as I could see many people checking out that time.I would like to thank entire team of Kingston Lodge via Trip advisor for making my stay nice and memorable, and they can expect to see me in near future.	
	Exceptional Hotel Woody 	Have been staying here for 12 years and love the hotel. Great rooms and amenities. Excellent English breakfast with many choices. Location is near the tube, restaurants, theater and many of the interesting sights to see. Very friendly atmosphere. would recommend for all ages.	
Oct 9 2009 	Sat nav required!	Checked in and the receptionist said that the roo was up two sets of stairs......only thing was that it was down two flights of stairs,round a few twists and turn and then 10 minutes later we got to our room! Massive room,clean and tidy.Local amenities close by.The breakfast was very sloppy though.Left it and just had the toast as it was that bad.	
Feb 26 2008	I Want A Hot Breakfast	It's hard to find a hotel in a place like London at a tourist price that has a hot buffet breakfast. This is the place, and I would come back again and again. I hate being forced to eat Rice Krispies and that silly salami and cheeses all these places have. Give me eggs, bacon, suasage, etc. As for the roooms ... they are what they are, small, etc. But I go to London to tour, not sit in a hotel room. This place is within easy walking distance from Paddington Station, which is 15 minutes from Heahtrow by train. There are many restaurants all over the place, including a fabulous Italian joint ... Taormina at 19 Craven Terrace. Hyde Park two blocks away, two tube stations within five minutes. No, you don't honeymoon here, and I have peace and quiet because I go at the end of March, not during the tourist season. If you want luxury, pay for it. If you want value because you want to spend your money on trains, exhibits, food, etc. this is a good bargain.	
	Only OK	This is a no frills 4* hotel. As many have pointed out, the hotel is well located for Gloucester Road tube station&amp; there is a Sainsburys &amp; Waitrose nearby for supplies. A major down for me though is the walls are too thin &amp; a person next door can be clearly heard even when they're not making much noise, talking, using the toilet etc. We got woken at 4am by a couple arriving next door to us &amp; they were just having an ordinary normal volume conversation.Positives, the room comes with an iron which not all 4* hotels do &amp; the staff are good. I will not be staying here agin purely on the basis of being woken up 3 nights on the trot because the walls are too thin!!	
Oct 19 2009 	Perfect in every way!	Beautiful old hotel. The best of everything from service to food to room...you name it, every possible luxury was provided...happily. Probably the nicest hotel experience I have ever had! I arrived after 3 weeks of traveling with a group and I was down to my last nerve. I did not have a reservation but the gentleman at the desk quickly picked up that I needed some pampering and gave me a BEAUTIFUL suite and some much needed TLC.	
Nov 23 2009 	Good Location and clean hotel but nothing special	The hotel is in a very nice location which is very close to the Baker street tube station and close enough to Oxford street.  It is very clean and I did not have any problems with noise. However the heating did not work very well, I had to turn on the heating on the maximum temperature and even then I was feeling cold at night. In addition the door of the bathroom is all made of glass and it is a sliding door (thus it doesnt closes perfectly) so you dont have a lot of privacy!Fortunately the actual toilet is behind the shower, so it is difficult to be seen when you are using it.There are an ironing board and a bathin wrap provided and there is also a mini bar. Another bad thing is that you could see trays with dirty dishes and glasses outside of some rooms in the corridors and that makes you feel a little bit disgusted.. The staff were friendly and very helpful. They can keep your suitcases in a room next to the reception even after checking out if you dont want to carry them around for the whole day. But when you are going to check in, you are asked for a room's deposit of 25 pounds, even if you have paid fully the amount and ofcourse they are giving it back to you when you check out if everything was alright. I did not go the restaurant but I did not like its style when I saw it. It looks &quot;cheap&quot; in a bad way.. There is also a fitness centre (e.g sauna, gym) but I havent used it. I would recommend that to a friend for 2-3 nights if the price was much lower than 160 pounds.	
Nov 23 2009 	Impressive	I stayed here with a couple of colleagues for 2 nights last week as we had a business meeting close by, and we were all impressed with this hotel. There are only 5 parking spaces but we managed to bag the last one when we arrived at 5pm, so were pleased with that!This hotel is quite new and the bedrooms are above the basic that you would get in a Travelodge. The bed in my room was kingsize and really comfy and the whole room was a good size. Clean and cosy. The bathroom was also fine.Breakfast was 7.50 a head for a full English and served in the famous Anchor pub, the upper floor of which is connected to the Premier Inn. Very convenient. Breakfast was cooked to order very efficiently and we all enjoyed it. They also have a good evening menu ( no room service - you have to go to the pub) which we unfortunately did not get the opportunity to try.Location wise, this is a great place to stay and I would definitely consider it for a South Bank based city break. You are opposite Vinopolis and two minutes from Shakespeare's Globe and the Golden Hind - one of my favourite parts of London.	
Nov 24 2009 	Clean and very well located	This is a chain hotel, so not much personality, but perfectly clean and acceptable. Exceptionally well situated for South Bank attractions like Tate Modern, the Globe Theatre, Borough Market. Walkable from London Bridge and Southwark Tube. Friendly Staff. As always in London, the rack rate is exorbitant, but I got a good internet offer and on arrival they offered me to upgrade to an executive room for 10 extra per night, which I accepted (executive room is bigger, with a sofa). I didn't try the hotel breakfast as it wasn't included in the rate, but there are many places to have breakfast nearby, including one right nextdoor. Minor gripes: the shower was unusable (impossible to regulate strength/temperature), and the room was too hot and the airco only blew hot, so I had to keep the window open all the time. Overall, I'd recommend it, if you don't expect personality, and if you can get a good rate.	
Oct 10 2009 	Good value	Public areas are a notch up on the regular Premier Inn fayre that most of us are used to, although rooms are pretty much on a par and nothing special, but adequate.Our room was the same side as the pub, noisy on a Thursday night (plug and play bands) and the beer garden is directly below the bedrooms. The other side looks onto the tube line, add to that it's not far from RAF Northolt's runway and you would imagine it's not ideal for a good nights sleep!However that wasn't the case. Had we known about the bands playing next door we would have gone to have a look, as it was they finished by 11, and Northolt isn't the busiest of places so aircraft noise isn't really a problem.The hotel's greatest asset is it's proximity to the tube though, so you can expect a bit of noise if you're on that side of the building, also there are a few shops and a Sainsbury's just yards away so everything is pretty handy.Contintal breakfast was included in the room rate (just 69.00), cooked options available but at a daft price. You can get the full works down the road for less than half the price.The bar was ok though and not too pricey, I guess with a pub next door they can't go too overboard with the prices.Overall a good value place to stay for a couple of nights with good access to the city.	
	super cool hotel	The Sanderson is one of the coolest hotels in London, great design / cool bar. A must go I would say....	
	FAB-U-LOUS	Excellent value hotel in great location. Called myself and negotiated great rate for bed and breakfast. Good size room (studio) with large bathroom. Clean and comfortable. Very good food especially the room service curry!! All the staff we came into contact with were helpful, efficient and friendly. It only took 15 minutes to walk to the Eye along the river passed the Houses of Parliament so great location. Was very pleased with this hotel and would stay again.	
	Suited My needs	I stayed at this hotel for four nights as it was close to friends. Everything about the hotel was quite good. Rooms are comfortable but have no fridge. However, the airconditioning is loud and annoying. Breakfast was good but no hot buffet. Hot meals must be ordered a la carte.	
Sep 12 2009 	This was the dirtiest and poorly-maintained hotel I have ever seen!	I was shocked by the room we had booked. The carpet was so filthy and smelly, we kept our shoes on all the time. Sheets had been nailed crudely to cover up the bedheads, and the shower curtain had rusty nails holding it up!!The next night we asked for a better room, which was cleaner, but I would never grace this hotel's doorstep again. A lesson learned about budget hotels in London! We overheard 4 other parties requesting different room during our 3 night stay!	
May 11 2008 	Decent hostel with a great location	The best part of this hostel was its great location with easy access to many sights and public transportation. An above-average breakfast was included that had many options such as cereal, yogurt, apples, oranges, toast, croissants, a few different types of sausages, and baked beans. If you had to leave before breakfast began, a sack breakfast could be ordered the day before. The bathrooms were pretty clean and the showers were the nicest I've ever seen in a hostel. There was plenty of storage space and a sink in the room. The bedding was a bit odd because the pillow was attached to a sheet so instead of bunching up the pillow I had to stick a sweatshirt under it. The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. You could buy tickets to many attractions at the front desk which was very convenient and they were a little bit cheaper too! It was an interesting place with all different sorts of people (seniors, families with young children, and singles).	
Oct 1 2009 	A nice hotel for a good price	We stayed at Seymour Hotel for 4 nights. I found the hotel to be a bit old and cramped, but it's clean, tidy and the staff were nice, polite and helpful.It's right next to Paddington station where the Heathrow trains come in. It is a short walk from Oxford street. The location was therefore perfect for us. It in a quite quiet street, some traffic but really not bad considering it is in the center of London. Our room was small, but clean. The bed were comfortable. No rooms had a double bed, so we were offered a room with twin beds which really didn't matter. The bathroom is really tiny, but it works ok if you're only there for a few nights, maybe weeks. The room, because of the size, isn't something to go for if you spend a lot of time in your hotel room. But if you're planning on spending most of the time outside the hotel room then it more than good enough.	
Nov 6 2009 	Comfortable room but train noise	I stayed here for 1 night, 3 floor by lift.. and then got out and had to walk up a flight of stairs to my room.. on the 4th! didn't quite make sense. The room was certainly very small, bathroom was absolutely tiny and you needed to back in towards the toilet as no room to even swing a cat! The shower was cramped!!The train noise was certainly noticeable, but as i was out until gone midnight i only really noticed it early in the morning!The breakfast was ok, plenty of toast, juice, cereals, yogurts and i liked the idea of complimentary drinks throughout the day. If you came back you could help youself to the machine. The downside was paying 1 for each item of lugguage that you wanted to store while you went out shopping on the day of your departure - it's another way for them to make money - but i'd recommend another hotel that doesn't charge and you get a hot breakfast!!Out of 10 i'd give this place 6	
Feb 19 2009 	Economy conscious	First tip for staying in London that we pass along to all our friends is: If your going to purchase a London Travel Card (allowing you to use the buses, tubes etc.) only make the purchase for Zone 1. You can purchase a card that will cover the entire city or only certain sections, but as weve learned from previous trips, Zone 1 is where ALL the major tourist attractions are located. Dont make the mistake of buying a more expensive travel card than what you really need.We had no concerns in booking with this hotel. It is part of the Comfort/Quality Inn chain of hotels. It is very close to the Victoria Train/Tube station and within easy walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Westminster, Horse Guards, Thames, London Eye, Downing Street, Trafalgar Square etc. Last time we were in London we stayed at the Quality Inn Kensington. It was a wonderful facility but decided that this time, to be closer to the main attractions. Therefore we choose this hotel for location and price.You get what you pay for in this expensive city.Other then the lobby, which looks recently updated, the rest of the facility is in need of a major face lift. The lift was able to fit 3  4 people only at a time as long as none had luggage. The hotel was clean and quiet. A nice surprise considering how close we were to a train station and major roads. The air conditioning was feeble to put it mildly. We happen to be town during a very warm spell at the end of July beginning of August. The A/C was turned off or shut itself off (timer ?) every time we left the room. When we got back, the room was hot and the machine was barely able to cool it down after a couple of hours work. The bathroom was tiny but did the job. The tub/shower were raised so you had to watch your step when getting out/down from a shower. The room was small with two twin beds. The sheets didnt really fit the bed. There was a small table and two chairs in addition to the beds. We are use to having a little entrance hall in a hotel room when you enter from the hallway. This room did not have such a feature. You open the door and it bumps one of the beds. You walk into the room and sidestep the closet. Anyone in the hallway is easily heard. We went to the front desk to request a second key so that we could go our separate ways if needed. No such system. Because of the age of the equipment, the Key is not electronic and easily duplicated for multiple guests. The key is reminiscent of a computer punch card. One key per room only. We were offered the option of always dropping the key off when we left so if we did separate, one of us could get back into the room without the other being present. Because of the locking system, and occasional noise from the hallway, I didnt feel as safe as I normally do when staying in a hotel.As with many hotels in England, we had to beg for ice from the bar staff so that we could drink our pop/juice cold in our room.We never ate in the restaurant at the hotel.It was a great location. Victoria station and environs have some nice little pubs/restaurants. The station exit closest to the hotel has a Sainsbury Grocery Store which allowed us to easily pick up fresh fruit every day. It is less then a 10 minute walk from the station to the hotel. The station is also one of the many hop on  hop off double-decker city tour bus stops. Even coming home late after see one of the many London theatre shows we felt safe walking the streets/lanes around the hotel.We stayed here for 4 or 5 nights at the end of our trip. I dont think we would book here again. For shorter stays it might be a possibility. Keeping in the mind the minimal differences in cost for staying in hotels in this section of London, I dont think we would mind spending slightly more to stay in a hotel with a higher star rating. (We had considered The Rubens at the Palace hotel. We went there for Sunday Brunch. It is well worth the cost.)If cost is your only concern, then you wont go wrong with staying here.	
	Don't stress just book it- it's fine!	I stayed up until 1:30 a.m. one night, stressing about hotels (and their cost !) and especially worrying about the reviews on this place and whether I could find a more affordable, more centrally located, nicer hotel in London. I wish I had gone to bed earlier in the night, because the hotel was fine. It wasn't grand- simple, small, clean and a place to sleep. But it wasn't awful, either. Would I book here again? Yeah, probably if the price was right. However, I wouldn't go out of my way to book here either. LOCATION- I wouldn't say it was &quot;centrally&quot; located- maybe walkable to Kensington Palace, but that's about it. However, it is just about a 7 minute walk to two different tube stops (the district, central and cirlce lines), so that's really all that matters in London. BREAKFAST- We purchased through Veneer and breakfast was NOT included in our price- it would've been an extra 8 pounds. So, instead, we stopped at the Spar near the tube stop and purchased some bananas and cereal bars. Much cheaper and allowed us to get going at our own pace. SIZE/AMENITIES- We stayed in room 37. It was small- if you're American, imagine a typical guest bedroom with bath. However, I personally don't care about having a large room 'cause we are active and siteseeing. Rooms included a nice large hair dryer, shirt press, hot water pot with instant coffee and tea, large closet with safe. The TV did not have cable, only about 5 stations or so... again, doesn't matter to us, but might to others.BATHROOM- Decent sized, with deep tub. Really bad shower pressure. Tile was loose on the floor. Included lots of counter space and a towel warmer. STAFF- Always seemed nice enough. No problems, but they didn't go out of their way to be super kind or anything, either. They did let us leave our bags in the &quot;luggage area&quot; when we arrived VERY early in the a.m. before our check in time. The luggage area was really just open shelves. It worried my hubby at first because we were the first to put our belongings there, but when we got back later that evening, the luggage shelves were full and noone had tampered with our luggage. NEIGHBORHOOD- The street where the Tube exit/entrance is was a bustling area with lots of food and shopping. Some of the restaurants were obviously more geared toward tourists, but there were a few unique spots, including some authentic Chinese and Mediterranean. There's also an indoor mall, marked with a big &quot;W&quot; on the outside near the Bayswater Tube station and I also noticed a few consignment shops, which I was discovered too late to visit. So... if you're up late reading this and super worried about the accomodations... just book it!	
Aug 17 2009 	Beware - Miserable place	The most miserable hotel I have ever seen and could stay in. It was very unfortunate that I had not read the reviews of the tripadvisor before I booked this hotel. The website is well fabricated to attract people but PLEASE DO NOT BELIEVE what is on the website. I can call this place anyhow but not a HOTEL, because this is really not a hotel. I would say even a dormitory would be more comfortable. I am an easy-going person and am far from fastidious and I have travelled a lot around the world and stayed in many places. However this is the first time I have to write the review just to PREVENT PEOPLE FROM STAYING IN THIS FILTHY PLACE. I will not speak about the service and reception and helpfulness of the personnel because even if it was the worst in the world, however all the other things just ok, I would never write this review.The bathroom: It says they have an en-suite private bathroom?? Absolute Rubbish... The bathroom is just a box inside the filthy room and it does not have a ceiling. Unbelievable The bathroom does not have a ceiling... So, if you plan to stay there with a girl-friend or children, be careful not to feel ashamed in the toilet due to certain sounds. Or if you take a bath be sure the water is not hot enough, otherwise the whole room will be in steam. Or in case you want to toilet during a night when others are asleep, do not turn on the light in the private bathroom, because you will awake everybody in the room. It really does not have a ceiling. They placed just one towel per person in a double room. This means that a single towel must be used for everything - to dry one's face, legs, body and other parts - really the first time in my life - one towel for everything. They placed just a small piece of soap for two people with a kind word &quot;Welcome&quot; written on it - probably to emphasize a &quot;great hospitality&quot; of the hotel. They did not even place a small bottle of shampoo let alone shower gel, etc. There is neither bathtub nor a cabin inside the ceilingless bathroom and there is a tiny wash basin - I would say the smallest in the world. I really mean it! I am not kidding! That is all about bathroom. The room: Dirty, dusty. There is actually no dust in London streets however I was amazed to see so much dust in that room. The cups were placed dirty - unbelievable. No air conditioning, just a small fan to relax when hot. The curtains and the bed cover in stains, so it was actually disgusting to touch them. The floor is in crumbs and dirt, so no way to walk barefoot. I was lucky, I was calmed a little by my wife and she kept telling it was just for two nights. We actually only slept there and tried to be out of it the whole day. The Breakfast: Location in the hotel next door in the basement. The breakfast was disgusting. Not really anything to eat. You will be approached by a young lady and she will ask you what you want to eat. When you choose something, she says: &quot;We don't have this, but we have something else&quot; and there is actually no other choice. And you are lucky if you do not see insects crawling on the table. The funniest thing happened on Sunday morning when she actually asked what we wanted to eat. I just asked for an egg and she said on Sunday they serve continental breakfast which is actually toasts and croissants, and she asked to choose one... So on Sunday they take the whole sum of their normal rate per double room 75 Pounds and they serve continental breakfast containing of toast, filthy croissants, and jam. Ridiculous... We ran away from this place. When you get into the rooms you will understand why you are actually requested to pay the sum of the whole stay upon arrival. And that is not cheap; it is 75 Pounds per night for double. I would not pay even 20 per night if knew all of this in advance. For this money you can find much much better comfort in London and for a little more just what is really convenient. I did not tell anything to the hotel personnel or owners because I was afraid they would steal our stuff just for revenge. I mean it, I even thought about this and tried to be careful and to bear with it. The nights were awful. The noise was all around. The clap of the neighbouring door just shaked our room door and it seemed someone trying to burst in. Horror PLEASE KEEP AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. SPEND YOUR MONEY WISELY. DO NOT BECOME VICTIMS OF THE SIMILAR EXPERIENCE. THIS HOTEL NEARLY SPOILED THE WHOLE OUR HOLIDAY. JUST THANKS GOD, MY WIFE UNDERSTOOD THE SITUATION. HOWEVER I FELT LIKE AN IDIOT. STILL I CANNOT FORGIVE THIS TO MYSELF.	
	Good Value and not too far from central London	This was my second stay here. 109 but booked late, the day before when there was limited availability or astronomical costs in central London.As a tourist hotel it's not an ideal location because the surrounding area is a bit drab. However, its only a short walk from West Brompton or Fulham Broadway tube stations which are only about 5 stops out of central London. In a different location this would be a nice hotel. Staff were friendly and efficient. Rooms are standard HIX. Breakfast is reasonable with toast and pastries, fruit, yogurts etc.Surrounding area looks dubious but there are a lot of nearby restaurants including a next door Turkish and a Vegetarian across the road. Allmost every other type of food is within a 10 min walk. Try the area around Fulham Broadway tube for a huge choice of pubs, Fridays, Starbucks, Nandos, supermarkets and cinemas etc all open late.Parking was about 25 per night. This was a business trip and if I used it personally I'd be looking for a better price so book ahead. Otherwise, as a value alternative to central London it could be a good choice.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent Service. Great continental breakfast	We stayed here for a couple of nights whilst visiting London. Its five minutes walk from the tube, just outside the congestion zone with private parking available at 25 for 24 hours. The room was small but fine for our stay. Service at all times - day and night is excellent and they bring tea and coffee to your room at any time. Great wifi included. We had a room with a balcony which you can order breakfast to the room at no extra cost for continental. Shame it rained while we were there so we couldn't enjoy it to the full. Hotel was very relaxing though. Lovely breakfast conservatory / bar. Very quiet area.Only comment is the rooms could do with more control on temperature. Maybe something they need to invest in.I'd happily stay there again or recommend it	
	Never again	I am a fan of Travelodge (normally). Nothing posh but you usually know what you are getting and it does what it says. Unfortunately this is not the case with this one. Long queue for check in which couldn't happen till 3.00 so had to do my sightseeing with my luggage (try that on the narrow spiral staircases at Tower of London. Room had peeling wallpaper, hoover parts had been left in room by cleaner, mugs not washed properly, bathroom dingy. I was asked what I thought by the receptionist when I left, but not convinced anything would be done. The weird thing is that this Travel Lodge seems to be split in two. The new frontage you can see in the Trip adviser photo is just along from the Shaftesbury theatre and no doubt the interior is as new, but the other entrance on Drury lane is the old bit which I was allocated to. I don't know how you get allocated to the newer end as it does not seem to be listed as a separate T.L. Perhaps if any T.L. management read this they can explain?.	
Nov 15 2009 	Very good hotel great service but careworn	I had booked via active hotels but they didn't bother letting Ramada jarvis know about the booking - not to worry firstly they asked me to take a seat in the lounge and they would sort it out which they did. when I arrived it was difficult to get seen because there are only receptionists but they work hard, smile welcomingly and deal with everyone quickly. I decided to go into the bar, picked up a freely available newspaper and checked out the menu. When I had decided an assistant came to ask me if I had decided yet, I put in my order a ham sandwich (tasted like cheap spam) and a mocha, I explained I hadn't checked in yet but wanted to put it on my room, she said no problem and asked me when I would like my drink with the sandwich or now, The room was cold when I got in but soon warmed up, the hotel and the staff were great, good choice of food, the Sunday breakfast from 8-12 was brilliant, my spouse and friends sat for over one hour without being hassled and given more coffee, tea, toast as we wanted. The lift broke down but was quickly fixed, I have never know this to happen before. We had a great stay, the only problem previously mentioned is that the wallpaper is faded and curling, the bath has the metal bits showing.I would definately recommend this hotel. We paid 80.00 which was a bargain, plenty of parking at the hotel, good staff. We went for a friend's engagement party, well worth it.	
	some issues	Booked a secret hotel with last minute and was due to be staying in the NH down the road however this deal was so secret that I did get to stay there and was booked in here. It didn't help that they don't know where their own hotel is on the map so took ages to find. However they did pay for a taxi.Location ok but a bit of a walk to the tube. Rooms nice enough but my advice would be to the hotel:Sort out your reception check in/ check out..its awfulif you advertise the bar is open till late , then make sure it is, we came back from seeing a film in London wanting a sandwich and glass of wine only to be sent to our room and told we could only have bottles of beer. I refused and said i wanted wine .. after a bit of a debate some horrible sandwiches came 90 minutes later.. I had gone to bed by this point.Room nice enough but overall would never stay here again or with the NH group as had similar issues years ago in Spain.Disappointing.	
Sep 25 2007	Nice apartments can be noisy	Stayed at these apartments while looking for a place of my own and found them adequate for a short period of time. The kitchen in my studio was tiny and being on the first floor meant that I got lots of the street noise, plus someone coming through to water the plants outside my window every few days. Was kept pretty clean and enjoyable overall though, and the studio was reasonably large by London standards. They offer free laundry machines and a 24 hour reception, which is nice. Recommended if you can get a good price.	
Nov 2 2009 	An honest review	We stayed at the Fairway for 2 nights, having left our booking quite late we rang the Fairway and found that they had availabiltiy, then read the comments on trip advisor and were unsure whether to proceed with the booking, however we decided to take a chance and hope for the best.Upon arrival at Kings Cross we found the hotel no problem, just across the road on the corner of Burger King, you check in at Reception across the road at Central Hotel, our check in was speedy and the staff helpful, we were given room number 9, 1st Floor, double room.The room is small but not as small as we had thought it might have been, double bed, small wardrobe, dressing table, two small bedside cabinets, also included were TV which worked perfectly fine, a hairdyer and telephone. The bathroom was quirky and small, you certainly couldnt fit more than one person in there at one time, we found it quite amusing, however, it was very clean as was the room. There is also a small heater in the room and we found that we had to open the window so certainly no problem with heat. We had no problem with hot water, the shower was powerful and we had hot water morning and night.The room overlooked the front street, there was some noise late at night but nothing to be concerned about. Breakfast: - This is located downstairs in the basement, I do need to agree with some of the comments here, we did not opt to have breakfast on our second day. We found location really good, all the links are within minutes from the hotel, all in all we would stay again, we found it a little expensive and paid 170 for the two night stay but if you could get a good deal its worth the money. I;m sure there are worse places to stay, we really had nothing to complain about.	
Mar 15 2009 	Very clean and nice	We stayed there for 3 days in March and it was even beyond expectations? especially bearing in mind that the rate was only GBP 40 per night. Really qood value for money, room is tiny, as well as the hotel itself, but newly refurbished and very clean, daily room service. Wi-fi in the room. Highly recommended if you are on budget. We stayed in room #14 on 3-d floor and the only disadvantage was the window to a narrow well with other windows in front of it, so with open window you can hear baby crying or other quests talking loudly ))	
	Excellent location disappointing hotel service	I stayed in this hotel as a solo traveller, I was visiting various friends in London, The location of this hotel was excellent, right next door to warren street station, &amp; within a 5 min walk of Euston &amp; Euston Square. Unfortunately warren street was closed for maintenance for the weekend, but Euston square is a 2 min walk. On first impressions I thought the hotel was reasonable value for money. But that night my single room which was small &amp; perfectly adequate for me was Freezing! I turned the thermostat up in the room, did not work, there was a huge window which had a blind but the cold draught could be felt. I was so cold that I could not sleep properly, in the morning I reported it to reception who seemed very flustered with the people coming &amp; going. I went for breakfast &amp; had to wait 20mins to get a table, with the lady seating me saying it's busy this morning, but do they not realise how many guests are coming for breakfast. The breakfast was lovely great &amp; prompt tea&amp; toast. I presumed that the heating had been fixed due to the card in my room that night saying the problem I reported had been sorted, but again that night was freezing, but after getting kitted up in my jumper &amp; leggings as well as PJs things where warmer &amp; a better nights sleep. I also had a note in my room asking me to go to breakfast later as it was too busy, between 9-10am.The hotel was very clean &amp; staff where friendly enough, I just expected a better service from a 4 star hotel. I will admit I didn't complain again about the cold room or about the breakfast queue, I just got on with it, but just found it disappointing as I've stayed in hostels, tents etc &amp; payed for a better hotel as a treat, it didn't help as it rained very hard the 2nd night I was there, with the streets flooded &amp; it was soooo cold, so it made the hotel room more noticable.Location wise this hotel cannot be faulted, I would stay again if it was cheaper, &amp; with thermals of course!	
Nov 23 2009 	Lovely Staff	I stayed at the Regency in November with my husband for one night. This was not our first visit to the hotel, we have stayed there on several occasions over a 15 year period. On arrival, there were 3 couples all arriving at check in at the same time. Within seconds there were 3 members of staff to check everyone in promptly. They were all friendly, welcoming and efficient. We had a very spacious room, temperature was just right and it was very clean. Only a few quibbles, it is not easy to find somewhere convenient to plug in the kettle and I agree with an earlier review, that plastic spoons are a bit naff for a 4 star establishment! The sachets of toiletries were a little disappointing, I prefer a bit more quantity in my bubble bath!We had a peaceful night, the room and corridor was very quiet, no noise from the road either.Breakfast was not as good as it used to be 'in the old days'! I really used to like the hot buffet where you could decide what you wanted for a full English. The new system of having to order your preference just isn't as much fun or as good value. I notice that very few customers where having an English breakfast, they were opting for the cold buffet instead.Check out was very efficient, different reception staff but equally as pleasant as the previous shift. Also a word of praise for the young men who go to extreme lengths to get a taxi for you, often involving a jog up the road..I do agree with previous reviewers that the hotel is looking a bit tired round the edges and some aspects of the furnishings are very dated, but I understand a refurb is nearly under way, so fingers crossed for next years visit.	
	Do Not Book With Premier Inn	If you are looking to book with Premier Inn, my recommendation would be not to use them, as I have never experienced such an unhelpful or arrogant company in my life.My teengae daughter booked a trip to London for her and her Mother to watch the Lion Kingas a Christmas present. Unfortunatley she does not know London very well and booked the Premier Inn London Kew which is quite far out from the centre of London and more importantley from a safety acspect a 25 minute walk to the nearest tube station, which is not advisable for 2 women to be walking too at night.WHEN I CALLED THE PREMIER INN TO EXPLAIN THE SITUATION (WITHIN 24 HOURS) I WAS TOLD THAT IT HAD BEEN BOOKED AS A PROMOTION OFFER AND COULD NOT BE CHANGED, EVEN THOUGH THE HOTEL I WANTED TO MOVE IT TO WAS MOVE EXPENSIVE. I EXPLAINED THAT IT HAD BEEN A MISTAKE BY MY TEENAGE DAUGHTER AND THE HOTEL WAS 25 MINUTE WALK FROM THE TUBE, WHICH IS NOT SAFE, BUT THERE WAS NOT EVEN ANY DISCUSSION OR ANY HELP OFFERD, JUST TOLD NO YOU CANNOT CHANGE, AND THIS WAS THERE CUSTOMER RELATIONS DEPARTMENT.......THAT'S A LAUGH.Ive worked in sales and customer sevice for 15 years and I have never found such an unhelpful company. So I now have a choice, let my family walk around the streets of london at night or lose 80AVOID THEM...	
Nov 20 2009 	Where is the amiability?	The start was not how we spected,we booked 2 rooms,we were 4,and they gave us only 1 for 4 persons...small,really small.We payd for 2 separated rooms.The man who was working there,promised us to change the next day early morning into 2 double rooms.But the surprise was that he didnt remember about this and nothing was planned.He said:&quot;go make the day,and when you come back everything would be changed&quot; ...no way,we had to move hotel!!!crazy,no sorry,nothing,we have to move because our other room for 4 people,they gave to other guests!!!amazing,really amazing.When we asked our money back -cause we didnt want to spend the last night there,to dont move again-they was telling us that is not possible.We still dont know why.Sure,if we had the correct rooms at the beggining,maybe the stay would have been perfect...unfortunatly &quot;the boss&quot; was not ready to &quot;fix&quot; the problem and he was really rude or he didn't seem sympathic.Breakfast very simple and rooms with smoke smell...We dindt like it at all.Bu the other hotel that we had to move,was nice,biggers rooms and more complete breakfast.We missed a lot a &quot;sorry&quot; but nothing.....pity.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great location but very small room	I've seen the hotel building during my previous stays in London, is located just in front of South Kensington tube station and at walking distance to V&amp;A Museum, Natural History Museum and Knightsbridge department stores. We've booked the Double room and we've made a special request for the room on the high floor. The room was much smaller that 20 sqm from the room description on the hotel website, the bedroom was probably not bigger then 10 sqm and it was the smallest I've ever seen in London and the bathroom and wardrobe were almost non-existent . And our request of the high floor was completely ignored. We asked the reception to move us in a larger room, they said it was possibile with a supplement of 30 pounds per night. Unfortunately this room was not available to visit, they offered to move us and our luggage to the new room without showing it before and we didn't accept.Also I've sent a couple of e-mails to the hotel before our arrival asking for the rates of some special adds (like wine o cake in our room at arrival as it was my husband's birthday) but also those mails were never answered.So apart from the feeling that they do not care at all about you and your needs, the hotel is clean, good located, the breakfast is delicious. But unfortunately that is not enough for coming back again.	
Nov 23 2009 	One Night for Business	Spent on night at the Hilton Park Lane on Business. Centrally located, and well kept. I would not say it was the smallest hotel room I have ever been in, but it was close. However, since it was just for one night and for one person, it was fine. The bed was fine. No complaints about the accommodations. The room was nice, about that you would expect at a mid-range hotel. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Any question you had they answered with a smile. I arrived early, about 10:30 in the morning and my room was ready. Ended up ordering Room Service for Dinner that night (while watching American football on TV). Food was brought quickly and was hot and tasty. The Breakfast Buffet the next morning was average. I cant comment on the price for a client paid for the room and the breakfast was included.The Hotel was nice enough that I would consider it when traveling on vacation to London.	
Sep 16 2009 	Would not stay again	Booked this a 30th birthday present for a family member as the website looked all singing and dancing. Got there at 11am having been up from 5am to get a flight and after being assured that we could get in early we didnt. The apartment was not ready and the concierge was only covering so know very little about the area. We ended up leaving our bags in her &quot;kitchen&quot; (1m square max so with 5 peoples bags quite full) and went to look around. Ended up in a shop across the road who had chairs and we sat down and waited. Eventually got in at 1.30 to find no welcome pack unless you count 4 teabags, 4 coffee sachets and 4 pots of UHT milk. As there were 5 of us this was no good. Glasses were chipped and cracked and the place was just clean. When I booked they were advertising Molton Brown toiletries but this was not the case. It was handy having the cooker (after we worked out how to use it) but it would have been nice if it was clean. Check out at 10.30 was too early for us as we weren't flying until 5pm so asked if we could stay until 11.30 / 12. After much difficulty this was agreed. IF i was to stay in a Marlin apartment again I would stay in more central location, it was unfortunate that at the time of booking this was the only one that could accommodate us.	
	Pleasantly Suprised !	Stayed here while attending the ATP Tennis Finals at the O2 Arena. I booked the hotel for economy and practical reasons to be near our digs when leaving the o2 late at night.After booking ......I then turned to Trip Advisor (!!! Not the way its supposed to work ...read reviews then book !!) Half the reviews hated the place the other half satisified .We where pleasantly suprised , expecting the worst the hotel was well located and safe , front staff polite and helpfull.Room basic but definately clean ...especially the bathroom.Will use again .	
	The Best Hotel ever!!	Stayed at the Langham for 5 days over the Thanksgiving holiday. The best service from the moment we walked in the door until we checked out. The place was clean, the beds were great, and the service was amazing. We asked for a bucket of ice one time, and we got it in 5 minutes. Watch out for the service charges, though. If you order room service, you'll get a service charge as well as a tray charge. Coffee with water can cost you 15 GBP. There is also a charge for using the internet - 7GBP for 40 mintues in their computer center, 20 GBP for hooking up your laptop. If you need internet, there's an internet cafe 2 blocks away for 1GBP for 1 hour. If you need water (or any beverage), there's a newstand about a block away on the left side of Regent St, a 1.5L Evian only costs 1.45GBP. Avoid eating in the hotel as it's expensive. There's many good restaurants within walking distance. Soho is only 20 minutes away by foot...and it won't even feel long since there's many things to see on the way.	
Oct 9 2009 	Overpriced mediocre food and lazy service	We tried the York and Albany for Sunday lunch on the strength of loving &quot;Murano&quot;. What a disappointment! Considering it was a set menu, you would think the food would be good. But no. It was awful - the salad starter was tasteless and minimal, the lamb raw, the ratatuille so oniony it was more like salsa, and the bread and butter pudding lukewarm on the outside and cold in the middle. We were seated next to the entrance to the lavatories and the service was very poor for an establishment of this type, and at these PRICES. Despite having plenty of room to circle the table, the waiter just stretched across us to put down/pick up things. As for being polite and helpful - dream on! This place may be okay for a drink, but we would not touch it again.	
Sep 5 2009	It's a fine place to stay as a tourist visiting London	My goal was to stay at a B&amp;B-style hotel, and the Crescent Hotel worked out fine. I would definitely stay again.It's in a quite area. There are hospitals nearby, so you might hear ambulances. Our room was small, but we didn't ask for anything large. A room with two twin beds and en suite toilet, sink and shower was just right.Wireless internet is available, but you must pay six pounds for three days' use.Breakfast had a fine assortment of typical English choices.There are two underground stations nearby, quite convenient, both on the Picadilly line to Heathrow. Plus, being close to St. Pancras Kings Cross means being close to the trains.The office provided a safe deposit box for free, large enough for passports or iPods but not large enough for a laptop computer.For a short stay there are enough restaurants, pubs and stores around the corner.The price for a room was 100 per night. While high in general, this is typical for central London, so my score for value is relative to the rates I saw for similar hotels.	
Sep 12 2009 	bad	very very bad hotel look like a hostel , there is no lift and the breakfast is very very simple from 8 to 9.30!! in revanch its a good place near the central of london,	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent location but lacking a bit of atmosphere	The chief positive for this hotel is without doubt the location. It could hardly be more central and well connected for getting about London either by foot or public transport while it is on a slightly quieter road so there is little noise from the outside. I saw two rooms in the course of a 5 night stay as the door of the first room would not lock from the inside so I moved. Both rooms were clean, spacious, modern and comfortable. However, the first room (which had a bed for 3!) had only a small window that looked on to an inner courtyard where the opposite wall was within touching distance. The room that I eventually stayed in was on front of the hotel overlooking Northumberland Avenue and was much superior with decent windows and a much air-ier feel. Neither room had a safe which I think is a slight disadvantage though they did both have microwaves... I used the room service on one occasion, ordering from an external delivery company via the hotel services book, and I would recommend it. Staying while on business, the hotel was perfectly good and I would stay again. Viewing it from a leisure perspective I think it was slightly lacking in atmosphere as there were few communcal areas, not much interaction with staff (though they were friendly, helpful and professional) and not much visibility of other guests even. The decor was good but very neutral and quite functional and I think it lends itself more to a business stay than leisure.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great Location horrible shoe-box room	First impression was &quot;wow&quot;! Looked fancy, from the outside. Hauled my luggage up to the very top room, opened the door to a depressing looking room. All the furniture and bedding looked about 20 years old. The room smelled moldy and dirty. Thank god I didn't spend much time in it. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting, it looked like it hadn't been touched in years. The one redeeming quality was being within walking distance to some major attractions.	
Nov 21 2009	Good Location	closed to bayswater underground. easy to find halal food.	
Jul 7 2009 	Aww...... Bless them.....	These people try so hard!!! Bless them!I went to the Avonmore with a my mate Dave, we needed somewhere to put our heads down in between getting drunk and watching Blur in Hyde Park - and that was it. For 50 quid a night in the centre of London i really didnt expect much so i thought the Avonmore was fine.The staff are flippin lovely, the slightly camp fella on reception always had a smile on his face and a genuinely interesting line of chat for us. The foreign lady who ran the breakfast room was smart, alert and fairly efficient. She could do with a pen and pad though as she kept forgetting our order - but then again we were speaking English and it's obviously not her strongest point. They all felt genuine that was the main thing, like they actually gave a damn about the place. Most chain/franchise style cheap hotel's staff look like they're paid to grin inanely and make crap small talk nowadays.The hotel itself? Hmmm.... well..... You cant polish a turd but you can keep it clean and tidy. The decor was tired and mismatched, the furniture even more so - apart form the beds actually which were very comfy! The ensuite was bloody awful (but clean!), the shower curtain was minging and it was hard to sit on the loo without banging your knees on the opposite wall. Plus the fan didnt work so a bog the size of an understairs cupboard gets very hot, very quickly! We thought all the furniture was crooked till we realised the floor was actually sloping in from the edges as all the joists are obviously bowing with the age of the place. I've got a bigger screen on my mobile than the telly in the room too, plus the wardrobe only had 3 (mismatched - natch) coat hangers in it. The room was in fact tiny - especially since it was supposed to be a triple! The view was bloody awful too - but then again it is central London.So in summary? It's a dump. But it's a CLEAN dump, with lovely staff, comfy beds, and a great cooked breakfast all for 50 quid a night. If you're after a romantic break or even a family friendly base - avoid. If you need somewhere to get a kip in between racing around the heady sights of London you really have got a diamond in the rough here.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Value for Money BUT...	I have stayed in Crown Plaza for a week in November, Location is perfect (100 meters from bus station, 2 minutes to Liverpool Stations Underground by bus and 10 minutes walk), Hotels rooms was large Equipped as a 5* hotel. Breakfast area was also my favorite, good quality breakfast, average variety. Staff was friendly and helpful but I have better experiences. The only negative was that we had paid an average of 100 per night per room including breakfast (we had a 6night long stay) and when we ask for an extra night they charge us for 170pounds thats almost double of our price.Anyway I will recommend that hotel to all type of visitors, business, leisure etc and I will definitely come again. RegardsStefanos	
	might be god for you! but not for me!	it was such a lovely hotel with an amazing view and location. but the disappointment start at the stay,... where your breakfast room service waitress is pathetic. she doesnt speak english correctly.. was not even able to take my order properly. and has attitude. i was supposed to go early with my tummy full but was not able to .... other staff was ok. the room was small and no option to upgrade was given. i would not like to choose it again... may be but no...	
Sep 2 2009 	Shakespeare Hostel- not a good experience	Arrived to stay in this hotel for one night. Greeted by guests drinking cans of alcohol in the lounge/games area. Filthy carpets leading to the room. Arguments and loud music in the rooms next to mine. Bathroom is a modular Portakabin type. I left immediately. Hotel refused to refund the charge. Need I say more?	
Apr 30 2009 	I don't understand why people give this hotel 3 or 4 stars	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel the other day (April).- the rooms are dirty- the decor is very run down and scuffed- There were loads of human hairs in my blanket - I had to use the blanket as there was not heating in the evening in the room and it was freezing!- The TV reception is appaling and every station is fuzzy (I had two rooms because of this and can confirm that it is not isolated to just one room)- there is no kettle or tea/sugar in teh rooms at all. you can hire a kettle but then you have to go out and buy your own coffee. Even a 20 B&amp;B in the UK has this.I can forgive most things for a London hotel room at 70 per night but the above are all basic essentials and this is therefore unforgivable.AVOID AVOID AVOID	
Nov 1 2009 	Comfortable B	My husband and I recently stayed at the Elizabeth Hotel on Eccleston Square for 9 nights. We chose the location for convenience near the Victoria Coach &amp; Tube stations and proximity to Golden Tours starting point. We wanted an affordable and quiet room. Our room was very quiet and clean with a comfortable bed and two pillows apiece. By European standards, I believe our room was very spacious. The carpeting and wall decor were somewhat worn but this did not bother us. There were a lot of stairs, but an elevator as well. The breakfast room was very pleasant, and the continental breakfast was plenty to eat - although full English breakfast was available for a fee. All the staff was very attentive and friendly. There is a also a reception room with tea and newspapers, although I would have liked a separate computer available for customer use.	
	Cleanliness not up to scratch	Overall stay was fine - I don't expect too much from central London. Stayed one night based on previous reviews. Room was small (expected) and quiet but extremely dark. . Decor I would describe as dated but for one night I didn't mind. Cleanliness of the bathroom though was a disappointment. Lifted the toilet seat and quite clearly it hadn't been cleaned which then made me wonder whether anything else really had been cleaned. Perhaps this is why it was so incredibly dark!	
	Very good hotel. Very Clean and modest but great for London Visiting	I have just returned from a 3 nights stay at the Adria Hotel. I have booked it based on the reviews I have read on TripAdvisor and I have to say that I have found there exactly what I read about here. I really enjoyed my stay because everything was very clean and proper. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from the Hammersmith station.Pros: - Nice, clean room.- Check in and check out without any problems and very fast. No problems with the reservation made on the internet. - Heating worked properly so there was a nice atmosphere in the room.- Great Location near the metro and bus stations. - Good English and Continental breakfast although not very varied.- Nice bath with a shower cabin that were also clean.- Two European plugs in the walls so we did not need an adapter for our chargers. - Nice and polite personnel. - Even though somebody said that the beds are hard, I have found them very comfortable.Cons: - The rooms are small, so if you are a tall person traveling with a lot of luggage you might feel a bit claustrophobic. - The stairway, as somebody else said here, is narrow so if you have large bags you might have difficulties climbing up and down with them. - The walls are very thin and you can easily hear what your neighbors say or do. We even heard a snoring all night long.- Prices should be around 10 Pound less per night for what the hotel has to offer. So a bit pricey, but you find a good deal that is alright. We have paid 69 Pounds per night.- The pillows are not very comfortable but this depends from one person to another. - There is no phone in the room, but this did not bother us as we didn't need one. Overall, we have thoroughly enjoyed my trip to London as we have visited all day long and we were very tired so when we got back to the room all we wanted was a warm shower and a warm room. The hotel is a modest one, not great, but definitely not bad. I would recommend it for couples and single persons traveling to visit London. If you need a good night sleep you might want to consider something else. Same thing if you have two or more children with you. I would book the hotel again if I would go to London because it is clean and it delivers what I expect: good service for a reasonable price.	
Nov 4 2009 	great budget accommodation	really enjoyed the ace hotel, good location close to west kensington tube (less than 5 minute walk, on a main line), quiet as away from main roads, however not much in west kensington (which was fine for us because we were in the city every night!)free breakfast from 0730 to 0900 which was basic but filling (cereal and toast), can eat as much as you like. great lounge downstairs to watch tv and meet ppl, bar with cheap drinks and snacks, cheap internet and free wireless if you have your own computer. vending machines for late night snacks, laundry with dryers, backyard with bbq and hot tub and 24 hours reception (all you could need!)rooms were small but comfy, bunk beds squeeked but were comfortable however small flat pillows, safe in room, heater and opening windows. rooms and bathrooms were clean, only bad thing was water temperature was only luke warm in the mornings when everyone was using them! over all a great stay and i would definately go back!	
Oct 20 2009 	Poor service poor staff interest poor facilities	Can't recommend this hotel to other travellers , unfortunate but true.The facilities were extremeley basic, the shower ridiculously small, the staff apathetic. We left this hotel after 1 night even though 3 were paid for , our concern was of a saftey nature(someone entering our room ) the staff were not interested and offered an inaudible &quot;sorry&quot; for our experience and a shrug of the shoulders. No refund was offered, no conversation to try and keep us as guests.Also no lift in this hotel so not easy for people with limited mobility or heavy cases. Very noisy guests, smelled of cigarette smoke so strong , we put a towel near the door to stop it coming in. Breakfast reasonable. I could go on, but there are plenty of hotels in this area,, go to another one.	
Oct 27 2009 	Beware The Bedbugs	Do not visit this Hotel!Its the worst and dirtiest place Ive ever seen in my entire life and I was a Punk Rocker when I was young!We catched at least 100 stiches of bedbugs.If you are desperate finding a place to sleep in London, better search a bridge!	
Nov 20 2009 	Small but perfectly formed!	After reading reviews on here, i decided on this hotel due toits proximity to the tube station and the Royal Albert Hall. It was about two minutes to the tube and only two stops to the Albert Hall. I was aware from the reviews previously read that the room would be small. And it was, it was the smallest room i have ever stayed and coincidently reached by usuing the smallest lift. Everything was spotlessly clean and there was everything there that you could need. Shower was rubbish for me as it was not on a riser and was very high up on the wall, but ok for hubby who is 6ft 3. Breakfast was taken in a small room but the choice was absolutely fine. Fruit, cereal, juice, croissants, toast, yoghurt, cheese, bottled water, tea, coffee, hot selection with everything but bacon. Got the room for 92 pounds including breakfast for a double on the link from this site to Octopus. Interestingly was much more expensive if navigated straight to Octopus or tried to book direct. Would definately choose again for a short trip.	
Nov 24 2009 	Twas dandy	My husband, our one year old son, and I stayed at the Amsterdam Hotel for 5 days and it was just what we needed. I did a lot of background research on Trip Advisor and other sites in order to find a relatively affordable hotel with a kitchenette and the reviews of this hotel are perfectly accurate. Judith is incredibly helpful. We arrived very early; they have a 1 pm check-in and our plane arrived at 7:15 am, getting us to town around 9:30. I think she was none too pleased to see us so early, but immediately set about trying to accommodate us. She let us rest in a twin suite until our full-sized suite was ready - something she certainly did not have to do. It was so helpful - we were all exhausted and had a very good nap. That suite was suite 7 - two twin beds and small bed, living, and bath rooms, but would be great for a pair of friends. We eventually were put in Suite 3, a ground floor room facing the back of the building, so quiet and with plenty of room for the baby to play around. It was great for us. While the carpets and draperies should be replaced, the linens, kitchen, and bathroom were very clean and the staff were great about not disrupting if the baby was sleeping. Breakfast was fine - nothing to write home about, but fine. All the staff were very helpful and sweet. Really a perfect place to stay with a baby. Oh, and the location really was great - everything we needed was a block or two away.	
Oct 15 2009 	A hostel would have been just as good if booking online	Got to hotel about 11am. The guy at the desk was friendly but as we were early for check in, we had to leave our bags in the main hall or wait til 1pm. We left the bags and when we came back at 9:30pm they were still in the hallway. Lucky the guests were honest. The room was disguisting! Paint peeling off the walls, dirty sheets which werent even covering the mattress properly and a bathroom that was only fit for a campsite. The manager was arrogant refused to change our room, give us a discount or allow us to leave. He said that because we hadnt cancelled the room in 72 hours we would be charged whether we stayed or not. He didnt seem to get the point that we wanted to leave because the place was terrible and we didnt know that 72 hours before check in!!! Apparntly because we booked ONLINE and got a good rate, we were given aroom that reflected this! Breakfast followed the same standard. The english breakfast was a disgrace we couldnt eat them and the continental breakfast was cornflakes and toast. Would never ever stay here again or recommend to my worst enemy.	
Nov 22 2009 	Marginal hotel - not recommended	I stayed here as my relatives were staying here as part of their tour. I would not recommend it. It was in a nice neighborhood and close to the Tube, but for the price I paid, I did not get a lot of value. The bathroom and the room itself were outdated. I am sure there are better hotels in London.	
	So bad it was (nearly but not quite) funny	First of all let me say that the staff were friendly, efficient and very pleasant. I don't have a bad word to say about them. However - We were a party of 6 staying at this Thistle prior to a conference nearby the following day. We work for the NHS so had booked single rooms to save money at what proved to be a vastly overpriced gastly experience. Out of the six rooms - not one was fully equipped. In mine, the kettle did not work. In another, there was no hairdryer. In several others either towels were missing altogether or there was only one handtowel and no bathtowel, and in another the shower did not work. I was very lucky, there are two parts to this hotel and my room proved to be nice and quiet. My colleagues arrived later than I did and were in the other part of the hotel, not one of them got a decent night's sleep. This was either due to the noise of the rain on the flat roof outside (very noisy apparently) or in at least one case due to the sound from four generators outside her window. She said it wouldn't have been so bad if they were either on or off, but they kept going on and off and that was what woke her. Well that, and the fact that the rooms were very hot and stuffy. Mine had a fan in - what does that tell you? If a room in England has a fan in it in November without you having to ask for one it is obvious that there is a problem. The rooms themselves were tiny - which is more or less what we expected, but also very shabby. In mine the wallpaper was starting to peel away from the walls and it was in dire need of a deep clean. In one corner there were actually dust bunnies on the skirting board, and when I went into the bathroom there were still some empty toiletry bottles in the rack above the bath. The metal bath fittings were rusted and had stained the bath, the taps did not look as if they had ever been shiny, and there was mould on the grouting and the sealant around the bath. The seal between the wall tiles and the floor was cracked and the floor looked in dire need of a scrub around the edges and in the corners. I was the only one of my group to have an evening meal in the hotel. As far as I am concerned it was fine. I had the calves liver and bacon with a red wine jus, followed by ice cream. The calves liver was fine, probably a little too well cooked for those who like their liver pink but I don't, and it was nice and tender. The mashed potato was piping hot and the green beans were fine. The thing that spoiled it was that the red wine jus didn't appear to have ever seen a grape and it was too highly salted. However I did enjoy the liver. The ice cream was a disappointment. 3 scoops of not terribly good ice cream in chocolate, strawberry and vanilla, with some sticky red sauce over (this was not on the description given and I don't like sticky red sauce) that had obviously been prepared and put into the bowl a long time before and then put in the freezer, bowl and all. Some time ago I stayed at Bewleys Hotel in Leeds and I have had no hesitation in recommending that hotel to everybody. The ice cream I had there was good quality, in a selection of wonderful flavours, and came in a brandy snap basket decorated with a fresh strawberry. What a contrast! Especially as my stay in the hotel in Leeds was so much less expensive. Overall my meal at this Thistle was certainly no better, and very probably worse, than I could have got at a Little Chef at a motorway services.My colleagues had such an horrendous experience and so little sleep that we had to leave the conference early as we could not face not arriving home until 9.00 p.m. and so got an earlier train.This experience, and experiences in other Thistle hotels by some of us over the past few years, have been so terrible that I now have instructions that, whatever happens, I am not to book anyone into any other Thistle ever again.Apologies to the wonderful staff at this hotel.	
Nov 18 2009 	A Very Good Stay	October 25-29, 2009We visited London four nights the end of October 2009. This hotel was recommended by a friend, and we were not disappointed. Others have mentioned what the rooms were like. Ours was not big, but big enough. We have stayed in smaller. But staying in the room was not why we came to London.The Mitre Pub was just down the street, and an excellent place to meet locals and have a pint or food. The tube, Lancaster Station, was nearby, and centrally located to go anywhere in London. Just up Bayswater, there were many other restaurants if one wanted some variety. WE had some very good Chinese.The breakfast was good and the variety satisfactory. We could not complain. The staff was helpful whenever we had a question or asked for advice.Hyde Park which is basically across the street, was beautiful. We were there in time to see all the fall colors.There is renovation going on across the street, but this had no effect on our sleeping, and since we did not hang around the hotel during the day, we could care less what happened then or how noisy.Overall, you could not go wrong staying here. Did I say it was close to a pub?	
Oct 15 2009 	Awful	I've never done a bad review but here goes. Firstly this is not a hotel, its a B &amp; B. I stayed here because there was not another room to be had ,when I had to stay in London at short notice. London was booked up!. I'm afraid it had nothing going for it. The odd smell is there when you go in: the room was basic, which was to be expected but the shower was dirty with huge muddy foot mark and black hairs and the (only) towel threadbare. The bed was lumpy and the carpet ..well.. The place was noisy - traffic going past all night and I didn't sleep a wink. I had no choice but to stay, as it was so late at night but I could not wait to leave. Really try everywhere else before here (I did!)	
Oct 26 2009 	Think twice or maybe three times!	Basic does not even come close when reviewing this hotel. We were told by the lovely housekeeper that she would find us a good room - well I'd hate to see the others!!!The bed sheets was clean (thankfully) but the duvel cover was filthy. The furniture was tatty, really old and mismatched. The bathroom would have made a good broom cupboard, the shower cubicle dirty and even a shorty like me kept banging my head on the sloped ceiling when trying to use the sink.The cooked breakfast was ok - hot and greasy, but edible. Would rather have gone for the continental but the choice of open bowls of cereal and rotting fruit didn't really appeal.	
Oct 28 2009 	BED BUGS!!!! DO NOT BOOK!	- BED BUGS! Hundreds of bites to deal with!. Cost over 300 Pounds in medical care, moving to a last minute hotel, and cleaning all of our belongings before returning home. - Black Mold covering bathrooms and showers. - Suffered a 2nd degree burn from extremely hot reading lamp - hotel had no first-aid equipment, so ended up with serious infection. - Staff unfriendly and rude.- Breakfast terrible- Dirty rooms- No electrical outlets - staff said &quot;you can leave your mobile phone at reception for the night to charge it&quot; - NO THANK YOU!!! DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL IF YOU WANT TO STAY IN SAFE, SANITARY CONDITIONS!	
	Beware of this Hotel!	I was utterly disappointed with this hotel property. Though the hotel facade tells of a different story, the room that was set aside for our 2-day stay left a lot to be desired. The corridor and the room had such a musty smell that at certain times were too over-powering. The room itself had no appeal with bed and beddings reminiscent of the 1960's. The bathroom was the size of a closet with the shower stall no bigger than a bread box - it was so small that the soap holders were outside the shower stall! I've had better accommodations in third world countries! Beware of this property!	
Oct 29 2009 	Did the job	Stayed one night on the 19 advanced booking deal and thought the room was perfectly adequate. My room was tucked around the corner from the bar/restaurant and I was worried about the noise but I didn't hear a thing. The beds are a bit soft but after sleeping on utilitarian beds in 2 star Italian hotels for a week, I thought the Travelodge beds were heaven. We didn't have breakfast so can't comment on that but we did take advantage of the tea and coffee making facilities in the room. This was my first stay in a Travelodge and I thought it was a perfectly decent functional hotel for our overnight between Kew Gardens and the National Archives. Although, my view might change if I had to pay the 72 quoted by a previous reviewer!	
Nov 15 2009 	If the price is low then it's ok but only then!	We booked our stay the night before we arrived and therefore got a very good price. It was a last minute trip so we said &quot;good location and a three star hotel at low rate, preferably with breakfast included&quot; And that's what we got. Well, I don't know about three star it could also have been a two star. i think it depends on what room you get! We got a pretty nice room when we arrived late and we really wondered what all bad reviews where about. Well, we found out when we got to bed - it was like sleeping on the floor, and when we tried to get the shower on - it was almost impossible to turn it on and once we got it turned on it did'nt get off! So, with a smile on our lips we got to shange to another room with a brand new shower! Beside this little insidence (the bed was fixed with extra plankets under the sheet) we think we could recomend it but only if you don't pay to much! Location is great and the breakfast ok. Couple from Sweden	
	Do not stay here!	Although we obtained a good rate for our stay at this hotel, we were very disappointed. We arrived in the evening and all sorts of people were hanging out in front of the hotel smoking. The bed was old and worn out. It actually sank toward the center. The linens were stained. The sofa bed on which our teenager slept was quite uncomfortable due to the bar that could be felt running the width of the bed. The carpet was old and fraying. The bathroom although well fitted, could have been cleaner. There were hairs from previous occupants on the floor. There are several pubs and bars in the area nearby. This means that late into the night you can hear people outside carousing.The location although central was not ideal either. The hotel is located near the Old Street station. But in order to get to any of the major sights, the trip on the tube requires at least one change which makes travel longer and inconvenient.	
Nov 13 2009 	The best hotel I've ever stayed in London	This was my 4th time in London. All the other three times I stayed at awful hotels... usually old, smelly, and some of them very noisy, with cleaning problems, poor breakfasts and unfriendly staff.So, this time I wasn't expecting a great hotel, just a place to sleep and have a shower in the morning.However I got really surprised with this one! Very clean, new interior, no bad smells, very friendly staff and nice breakfast, very nice room and bathroom.Besides, it has several facilities, such as a computer where you can acess the Internet for free (or you can pay a fee for using wireless access) or everything you need to make tea inside your bedroom, for free!The only thing I'd call a problem is that you have to walk between 5 and 10 minutes to get to the closest underground station. But that was not a problem for me and once you get to the undergound you are close to every London spot :)I would call this a bargain, since I went with 2 friends, and we paid 195 for 2 nights + 2 breakfasts, that's just 32.5/night/person!. Anyway, I got this price in a travel agency. The price in the reception was twice what we paid...	
Nov 1 2009 	Basic but clean and good value for money	The hotel is basic and in need of some refurbishment but it was also clean and the receptiion staff were helpful. For a hotel not too far from central London the price was good, and we would stay there again. We had no problems with the shower. We were worried that it wasn't near a tube station but transport was easy. The number 44 bus from Victoria was every 5 minutes and took about 15-20 minutes. The hotel is at the Hope Steet the stop after York Gardens, all stops are displayed on the bus.50 yards down the road (towards Wandsworth) is York Cafe, it was great for breakfast - good food at good prices - definitely recommended.Also there is a newsagent that also sells bits and pieces of food etc. It also sells the daily travel passes that we used (5.60 adult bus and tube zones 1 and 2). Bus only tickets are also available and cost even less. Kids travel free with an adult.	
Sep 26 2009	Thumbs up for Bankside and its central location!	I stayed with a large group at Bankside House during the Thames Festival weekend,this must have been one of Bankside's busiest weekends, the accommodation was a sell out. Some of us arrived early and knowing we could not access our rooms before 3 pm, the staff were very obliging and allowed us to leave our bags in the store room. When we did check in, we were dealt with quickly and efficiently. Our room was facing the rear of the building onto modern office blocks, it was basic, very clean, with towels, ensuite, tea and coffee making facilities. One of our group members stayed in a front facing room with views over looking St Paul's. The breakfast was certainly a full monty, you could choose from a belly bursting english or continental, vegetarians were also catered for. We came and whent from our rooms at all hours of the day and night, our room was quiet even with the windows open. The staff were top drawer, nothing was too much trouble and each room was refreshed daily. As for the guys serving in the bar, well chin, chin for keeping up with us! Hey come on folks, for 30 pp night for a single room and 28 pp night twin room including breakfast, during peak season London, this has to be a bargain! Bankside is approx ten minute walk from the underground at Southwark and right next door to some stylish eateries. Within a minutes walk we were soaking up the ambience of the Tate Modern and the fesitval's vibrant atmosphere, which stretched the south bank from Westminster Bridge to Tower Bridge. Westminster Palace, the London Eye, The National Theatre, St Pauls, The Globe Theatre, HMS Belfast and other historical finds are all within easy walking distance. Many more famous attractions and places to visit are also easily accessable either by foot, river boat or by tube.For food luvers and shop-a-holics don't miss the Borough Market, the OXO building and More London - all have an eclectic mix of restaurants/bars, arts and crafts plus free street entertainment along the way! What more could you ask for from this fantabulous budget B&amp;B location!!!	
Nov 4 2009 	Don't get a room in the basement.. :-/	The hotel is pretty good for the money. Staff not all that friendly. Location, good, easy to get to and from from the center. In nice neighbourhood. Free breakfast is reeeeealy not good, nothing fresh about it, canned fruit, dry bread, ect. But hey, its free.We had a basment room, and it was sooo damp and mouldy, my astma was acting up. We werent able to open any of the windows, it was really claustrofobic.. :-/ After one nights &quot;sleep&quot; in that room I could hardly breathe.. :-/ If you'd be so lucky, NOT to get a room in the basement, maybe your time there will be better.. :)	
	An alarming place!!!	Ok, I've read the reviews and I should know better. This is truly an alarming place, as in the fire alarm still goes off in the middle of the night!!! Reviews going back to 2006 refer to this problem, and it still happens!!! Yes, in 2009! I'm here on a multi-night business trip. So far, one night, one fire alarm. I can't afford to be tired. I'm here on a multi-night business trip. One more fire alarm in the middle of the night and I'm outta here! I'm willing to overlook the tired decor, the dirty bathroom and the tiny rooms because the location is awesome. The fire alarm is a different story.location? double check.staff? check.cleanliness? not so much...alarm issues? enough to put this place in the bottom...	
Nov 22 2009 	Great positition lovely staff...	Travelling alone, I found the staff to be very helpful. I was given a downstairs room which was quite large, furnished very nicely and a lovely bathroom...Breakfast was simple but enjoyable. I stayed for 6 nights and enjoyed every moment of my time.	
Nov 17 2009 	What a great hotel!	Stayed two nights. Drove a rental car in from Burlington Vermont airport [thanks, TripAdvisors!] and the Hertz GPS found the address with no trouble. Parked, checked-in and in room in less than thirty minutes. Very comfortable, large room with a nice bath/shower. Clean and fresh. Staff was always helpful, welcoming. Internet access set up in the lobby was a lifesaver, and free. [I think they had wifi and an in-room port, but I don't travel with the laptop, so I'm not sure.] A nice bar across the street, excellent restaurants and museums within walking distance. Close to the Metro. A lovely city, a great hotel. I'll go again in 2011 if they sign the Formula One contract! Parking was $18 per day, with in and out for free, but the desk waived my two day parking because they hadn't fixed the toilet occasionally running I had reported.	
Jan 18 2009	NOT a hotel anymore!	I last stayed at the Montfort five years ago and it excellent and economical so I now that I'm planning another visit to MTL, I decided to try it again. Only problem is, they are no longer a hotel but an apartment building according to the gentleman who answered the phone. Time to update your information Trip Advisor! Jan 2009.	
Aug 17 2009 	ok for the price	I booked with this hotel but once I arrived they didn't have rooms so they sent me to the &quot;University de Montreal residence&quot;, a 100 meters walk and a small climb...I originally booked and &quot;all included&quot;- breakfast and internet but since I wanted the internet for my phone and there is no wifi in the &quot;residence&quot; they changed it without a problem so it was ~40$ a night.It is an old building, no air conditioner, small rooms and shared bathroom.The room was clean and had sheets, towels, soap, sink and a minifridge as well as a closet. The bathroom was also clean.There is a metro station 4 minutes walking distance (&quot;Edouard Monpetit&quot;), it has the blue line.I payed for the parking but if I understood from the signs in the street, you can park there in the summer so you can save a few bucks.If you plan on sitting in your room a lot- this is NOT the place for you. It's not a very welcoming room so it will be great if you plan to travel and only come to sleep.	
Nov 3 2009 	Wonderful space and great location	This was our first visit to Montreal and we chose Le Saint Sulpice based on the glowing tripadvisor reviews. We were not disappointed! Our room was actually a small apartment--separate bedroom, living room w/electric fireplace, kitchenette, balcony overlooking the outdoor dining area and gardens and a large, extremely well appointed bath. Grohe fixtures, a beautiful molded glass vanity, large tub and an enormous shower. There was plenty of closet and drawer space, the furnishings were very nice and the queen bed was comfortable with high quality linens. As a coffee addict, I especially appreciated a large, 12 cup coffee maker supplied with a more than acceptable blend--no tiny pot dribbling out foul brown water like most hotels. The location of the hotel is superb--right next to Notre Dame, an easy walk to the Metro and in the heart of Old Montreal. My only quibbles: some of the walls were scarred in places and in need of repair and paint and the carpet was stained and frayed in spots. As a previous reviewer noted, pets are allowed in some of the rooms and I suspect the carpet issues can be attributed to that. All in all--a very pleasant experience in a wonderfully unique city.	
Jul 29 2009 	Francoise Allaire Goalies Hotel of Choice	Yes its close and its really the nicest amenities for a hotel so close to the rink. We have been going to the hockey camp for about seven years now and always come the first week of the camp. Every year we see the same families of goalies staying at the hotel Le Rivage and as goalies sign onto minor leagues, you just seem to stay in touch with them. The hotel becomes a gathering place after ice. When you get here its like a big family which is great once you get toknow people year after year, some days you sleep late cause another family will take your goalie with them early in the morning, some days you bring their kids back from the rink with you back to he hotel after ice. The Ialian restaurant across the street, Pizzadelic is awesome and we make sure we go at least once every year. The breakfast at the hotel is decent, an assortment of fresh baked muffins, although unmarked, not a problem unless you are allergic to chocolate like I am, cereal, bagels, raisin bread, cofee, tea, milk and orange juice.The rooms are decorated with quality furnishings, some rooms are more expensive and upscale and offer some strange amenities like a jacuzzi/shower with an exposed view behind a big glass wall. You can flip the wooden blinds on the outside of the glas from the inside of the room to accomodate your fancy of chosing at the moment whatever it may be I guess.Other fancy rooms have a bath tub out on the floor in the middle of the room and some even have a toilet placed in the middle of the room, I dont know if I would want to ave time of it on te toilet if you know what I mean, while someone is laying in the bed watching or worse be th one laying in the bed smeling the person on the toilet! What ever happened to Feng Shui?Since I have been here for seven consecutive years, really it is the most convenient but the place sort of lacks in common sense in many ways. We decided this year to avoid having the maids clean the room since the do not disturb sign goes un noticed. I had my do not disturb sign up and the maid decided to lay her tablet and walkie talkie on the table outside my door. When the front desk was loking for her down the hall, she let the walking talkie ring with volume so loud that I thought I was waking to a fire alarm. When I opened the door to see what it was I answered it and asked that they tell her not to leave a lujd wakie talkie next to a room that has a do not disturb sign hangin on the door, which just so happened to be across from the door that said &quot;please respect the silence of the other guests&quot; they said they would take care of it. An hour after I drifted off again, I started to hear a loud conversation between two maids, both at opposite ends of the hall and one of them being just outside my door. I got up out of bed to have a word with the maid but by the time I got to the door she vanished, I got back to bed only to hear that walkie talkie blasting again! I had to call the desk and tell them I had just drove for two days and needed my sleep. Late that evening I had a friend call the hotel and ask for my rom number and the desk person told them, &quot;could you hold on for just one moment please, I'll be right with you&quot; In French! He does not speak French so he heard dead silence and thought he was hung up on so he called back and the same thing occured until my friend sent me an email and thought the desk person kept hanging up on him. I had to cal te desk and let them know he did not speak French. I mean really, if we were local we wouldnt need a hotel, we are tourists and we dont speak French.One day the maid decided to wipe down the alarm clock and turned it on, apparently it was preset at 5:30 for someone. As luck would have it, it just happened to be the day AFTER the camp was over when we decided to stay an extra day and sleep late one day before we left town. All week long we were getting up at 6am for the camp so we actually ot up earlier by paying for an extra day. When I talked with management they offered nothing.A few times our reservation was missing, a few times they tried to give us a smoking room when we requested a non smoking room but made up for it with a nicer room and a cheaper than usual rate but more than what we booked for. The parking lot is hard to get in and out of, they finally got internet in the rooms, it used to be only in the lobby but they block so many web sites that some goalies reported hat they couldnt even play some of their games on sites they frequent. Many of the electrical socktes in the lobby and in the hotel rooms dont work, others have access that is covered with large heavy furniture. The laundry room is stacked p and practically has a line for under gear to be washed; best remedy is to was it and lt it dry from the hot summer night in the rental car windows cracked over night and they dry fine by morning or if you make friends with someone staying in the dorm across he lot from the rink, they are cheaper and much larger units. Sure there are glitches but the convenience is worth it to deal with it all that isnt.	
May 3 2009 	DISGUSTING! INFESTED WITH BUGS- HORRIBLE STAFF	I read the reviews and I thought this would be a good place to stay, but if you pay attention to the reviews, the last good one was before 2006. I know there isn't a Sam or Eddy there now. It is 3 Chinese brothers. I stayed there for a week, while I was touring the universities. The were so rude, just snooty in general, very nosy. I think they even go in your room when you aren't around. The place is infested with hookers, seriously. EVERY night, I heard guys coming in and out of rooms, loud sex. So noisy as well. Not safe, window latches broken. Fan in washroom broken. breakfast is literally bread and instant coffee.I woke up with bed bugs bites all over me, it became swollen and so itchy, and i mean all over. My boyfriend had it too. I went to 2 doctor's and they both told me it was bed bugs(Scabies). I was extremely upset. I gathered my things and was leaving, I told him I was not paying the remanding amount which was over 100, because I had to pay to see 2 doctor's ($60/each) as well as pay for a prescription. They grabbed me, my stuff, 2 guys (my bf wasn't there when I was leaving). They basically trapped me, finally I gave them half. I was so upset, crying. They yelled at me telling me It was my fault and there was no such thing as bed bugs. This isn't just the worst hotel, this family is beyond rude, no manners, disgusting people that would treat a GUEST this way. Someone that stayed over one week. They even treatened to call the cops on ME when I asked for a receipt. PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE THIS PLACE NEEDS TO bE SHUT DOWN. IT IS DISGUSTING, INFESTED WITH PROSTITUES AND INSECTS,DO NOT GO HERE THERE ARE A TON OF HOTELS, YOU WILL REGRET IT.	
Nov 2 2009 	Alittle Misleading..	So I recently stayed at the Hotel de la Montagne this past weekend (Oct 29-Nov1st) and was alittle dissappointed to say the least. My wife, I and 4 of our friends stayed the entire Halloween weekend (3 rooms). After looking at their website and all of the travel websites (Hotels.com, Expedia, etc) I was expecting to stay at an ULTRA modern, contemporary room--ya know, Plasma TV, modernized contemporary furnitiure and bathroom. What they gave us was a dated room that hadn't been renovated since the 80's. Don't get me wrong, the room was huge and so was the bathroom but was very outdated. I sort of felt like it was a &quot;bait and switch&quot;. After asking to be put in one of their updated rooms they told me it was an additional $40 per night, per room. I really didn't make a stink about it, but I should. They're website is very misleading and shows you pictures of only their updated rooms. They should really differentiate both rooms on their website and not MISLEAD people, so just beware before booking. We really wanted to go up to the roof area, but it was closed as I'm assuming that it was closed during this time of the year. The good thing about this hotel is that its very close to all shopping and partying as its near everything. Park across the street in the open lot, it'll save you money!	
Oct 27 2009 	Great value--perfect location--clean--free parking--what more can you ask for?	I highly recommend this hotel. I was a little skeptical after reading some of the other reviews, but the hotel was a great surprise. The room was a pretty good size, clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful, especially Roger, the manager. No problem at all with the parking lot-it opens right to the street-disregard any concerns about safety . Free cont. breakfast delivered right on time to your room. Easy walk to old Montreal and the restaurants and pubs on St. Katherine and St. Denis streets. Great BYO restaurants on Prince Arthur St and Duluth St. Quick walk to the metro and the shops on St. Catherine St. Try the farmers market in Little Italy (by metro). If you are not a 4 star hotel type, you'll be perfectly happy.	
Nov 4 2009 	Ok place to stay	close to airport and easy access to downtown. very clean and staff is very helpfull. Good Wi Fi included and good breakfast included in price. Parking at $9 per day is excessive. Overall an OK place to stay short term. a bit too expensive compared to comparable hotels in the area. Hard to access if you are not familiar with the ridiculous traffic circle within a traffic circle road set up. The city of Dorval and the airport authority really need to get it together and try to make things user friendly re signage &amp; access. It's Montreal so don't hold your breath waiting for that to happen.	
	Much more than I expected	Traveled by train from QC with my daughter, 7 and 5. Walked across the street from the station. Check-in easy. Room 2139. Average. But it's not the room here.Great location. The pool is great. When you go to swim, there is an inside entry and you swim under a deck to enter the Great White North. [It was cold.] Pony-tailed lifeguard has zero personality, but he is efficient. Girls loved the swim. I froze. Concierge staff is remarkable. 45 minutes before face-off, Roberto got me tickets ($220) 7 rows off the ice from a scalper. I paid him and picked up the tickets in a nearby gas station.Thanksgiving? American? Concierge booked us at Globe. Incredible.The restaurant. Had breakfast one day. Expensive. But friendly. Good. Waiter made a recommendation for the girls for that day.Problems?Returned one day -- door ajar. Maid had not shut it. Nothing taken. Reasonably secure.Bar is good too for a drink. Arrived. Wife out of sorts and sent her for a cocktail. She was much better.A great location. Very non-Hilton. Very personable. Unique.I used points so I only paid for what I spent, but it was good. Very good. Better than expected for a Hilton. And if you have kids and its the winter, the pool is a gem. A class of French-speaking children watched one afternoon as we swam. They all wanted to jump into the steamy outdoor pool.And I'm a runner. Old Montreal is a short run. A long walk.	
	Great hotel for the price fabulous location	My fiance and I stayed in Montreal for a week this past October, as a last minute getaway. We weren't interested in spending a lot of money on our hotel, as we knew we would be out and about most of the time. We chose the Quaily Inn for it's location, which as it turned out, was perfect. There are three pleasant pubs within ten strides of the lobby. I would strongly suggest Brutopia (right across the street) for some excellently crafted micobrews and live entertainment. Also, the MadHatter (next door) has very good pub chow and great drink specials ( three shots for $10). There are plenty of other establishments just a short walk away as well. Great shopping, dining, and galleries were all within walking distance. The hotel itself honestly exceeded out expectations. The staff was helpful and friendly. The room was spacious and had a nice balcony. The bathroom could use a update, but was clean and functional. The beds we large, clean and comfortable. Perfectly acceptable for a $90 a night lodging. The parking across the street was expensive ($20 a night), but parking every where is expensive ( it IS a CITY). Overall I would recommend Quality to anyone who is traveling on a budget.	
Apr 26 2009 	Old School (dated) rooms but ok	I was excited to stay at the Ritz for the first time, but it was really dated. Old floral curtains that matched the floral bedding. The room was small and looked like it was stuck in 1930 during the depression. However, my husband just loved the Bulgari toiletries that they gave each guest. The location was fine and we found street parking which was good. The lobby is really pretty and posh though. It's a bit deceiving though since the room we got was so small, old, worn and dated. However, even though it was the Ritz, we got a great price on Orbitz at around $140 a night (or perhaps it was even less). It was nice to at least try the place out. The staff was very friendly and professional at check in. The only complaint again was the dated room.	
Oct 21 2009 	Cool hotel	The feeling was a &quot;Ikea&quot; inspired W Hotel, which is not a bad thing. It was very functional. Even thought the hotel was beside the airport, I didn't find that it was that noisy. It seems that Aloft hotels are rated as a 3-3.5 star hotel, which I find it the quality to me exceed other similar level hotels that I have stayed in before. I am picky on the cleanliness of hotel rooms whenever I find rooms for my trips. But when I walked into the room, I found it to be clean, maybe because this hotel is about 1 yrs old.Since this hotel was new, finding the hotel on your GPS or Google Maps was a bit tricky as they don't have the roads mapped out yet. But it is close to the highways which can take you into the city pretty quickly.Free internet and parking was a bonus. Plus there was a free pool table to relax and hang around in the lounge. The only issues was one front desk staff that was not that helpful when asking for directions and the snack bar is a bit on the expensive side for food &amp; beverage items.But overall, I would stay there again and for travelling to other locations I would prefer to stay in the Aloft chain.	
Sep 18 2009 	Good location friendly staff.	During my stay my room , which was cosy, was cleaned everyday, unless I asked them not to. We were offered a free continental breakfast on the weekend and the staff was very warm and made sure we were comfortable. The location was fantastic, we were walking distance for shopping and transportation was never hard to find when we needed it. Although it was a 2 star hotel, our service was better than a 4 star hotel. We had free internet and a mini fridge in our room. The 5 star hotels I have stayed in before alwalys have a fee for access of both these items. I would definately recommend this hotel for anyone staying in downtown Montreal!!	
	First Class All the Way!	When my boyfriend and I booked this hotel, we did not realize that it had only opened in Spring 2009. We stayed in a King Deluxe corner room, which was absolutely stunning. Service was first class and the staff were very professional and polite. The hotel is also a mere 8-10 minute walk from St. Paul in Old Montreal. The breakfast buffet was also impressive with top quality food and service. We would definitely stay there again when we return to Montreal.	
Oct 26 2009 	Save your money...	I stayed in this hotel recently with my partner. We understood it was a budget hotel and weren't looking for frills. We've both stayed in many hostels and have traveled a lot however, we were still greatly disappointed. The room was stuffy and dirty. Dark black stains in various areas of the carpeted floor were a huge turn off. There was rust and mold around the wall vents, and cobwebs along the ceiling. There wasn't even a towel rack in the bathroom to hang our used towels - what an easy thing to provide your guests with. When we left the room during the day we'd come back to find that the cleaning lady would totally turn our heat off - not down, completely off. The walls are so thin that you will hear EVERYTHING from the neighbouring rooms - from casual conversation to water sloshing around the tub when they take their shower. This hotel is not even worth the budget price it offers. I'd definitely put some cash towards a better hotel next time.	
Oct 26 2009 	Not the best	This hotel was nice in its day, but is now quite worn. The room appeared fairly clean, but the furniture was old and stained, the curtains were falling off the rod on one side, the hand lotion in the bathroom was half empty and had not been replaced, and the only treadmill in the exercise room was broken. The decaf coffee was never replaced during my stay, and with only one or two attendants, the front desk was always too busy to wait to ask for more. On the positive side: the location was fairly convenient, only a few blocks from the Metro, the free internet was fast, and the room had a large walk-in closet.	
Aug 23 2009 	It was like sleeping on a rock in the standard room.	The staff were all nice and pretty friendly with good English. I was staying for 3 nights on business and I tagged on 2 extra nights for leisure at the end. I wanted to have the charges go to my business credit card for the first three nights and to pay separately for the second two. I told this to them when I called to extend my stay from 3 nights to 5. Then I told them this when I checked in. Then I told them again when I asked for a room upgrade after the first night (I'll get to the reason for this in a second). After all this, I ended up with 4 nights on my corporate card and 1 night on my personal card. Was this really so complicated?More significant was how uncomfortable the beds were. I originally booked a standard room. I don't need to have anything fancy, just a comfortable place to sleep. The mattress might as well have been made of rock. I had a lot of trouble sleeping and my lower back was really sore the next morning (which made my first day of work a lot harder than it had to be). The next day I had to ask if they had anything more comfortable. I know it wasn't just me being picky since I had a friend along with me for the trip and she was just as uncomfortable as I was. We got upgraded to a deluxe room at no extra cost, but they had already booked all the deluxe rooms for the last day of our stay so we had to go back to a standard room. The deluxe room was really pretty basic. I think the beds in those rooms should be the &quot;standard&quot; ones. The standard room we got for our last night was pretty atrocious. In addition to the super uncomfortable beds, the toilet was running (though it was pretty quite), turning the air-conditioning down seemed to turn the heat on, and the sound on the tv was really fuzzy no matter what the volume was set to. On top of all that there was a constant swishing sound like we were beside their washing machines or something.The location was good for my work, but I should have moved to a hotel downtown for the rest of my stay as it wasn't terribly convenient for the leisure side of my trip. It was walking distance to a metro station, but it was a good 10 minute walk. They had a shuttle bus that would take us to the metro for free, but that doesn't help for the trip back to the hotel after a long day of sight-seeing or a night out. The metro ride itself was a good 25 minutes to get downtown, of course depending on where you're going downtown.The outdoor pool was nice. The first full day we were there the hot tub was out of service, but it was back up and running for the rest of our stay. It was good and hot. The indoor pool didn't really look very nice but I didn't personally use it so I can't say how good it is. There seemed to be a bunch of kids there who really liked it.	
Nov 5 2009 	..perfect location	just in the heart of downtown, this small hotel is an excllent option if you don't want to spend much but still want to stay in a convenient location in downtown..the staff were friendly...an old house turned into a hotel...rooms are of good size..didn't like the breakfast service (included with room) though..my overall experience is very pleasent and would like to go back and stay in the same hotel!!	
Nov 23 2009 	A quaint and charming hotel in Montreal City Center	Staying at this hotel was a wonderful experience! The location is fantastic, easily able to walk to shopping, restaurants, pubs, attractions and just steps from the metro make it the perfect location for beginning your exploration of Montreal! The rooms where clean, beautifully decorated, and the staff where helpful, friendly and accommodating. The hotel is in an old brown stone building that has been completely renovated, rooms are very modern.The breakfast that is included is delicious and provides much more choice then the usual toast and juice offered my most hotels. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a charming and convenient location to explore Montreal from.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great Location	I stayed here 3 nights on a personal visit. I booked it through Expedia. I paid AU$545.05 including taxes for the 3 nights. The location was exactly where I wanted to be which is the main reason I chose it. The entrance is a bit odd. From the street you go though doors and down half a flight of stairs. What you see from the street is a hair dressing salon. The entrance to the hotel lobby is to the right of the salon. The lobby is incrediably tacky	
Nov 9 2009 	Perfect in every way	I am a former travel editor at one of the most upscale American magazines. I have travelled the globe and am never unduly impressed... and can't bear pretension. But I was totally taken with the Hotel Gault. Small, exceptionally gracious staff, stunning and chic, superb location on quiet side street on the edge of Old Town. Two minute walk to metro. Totally stylish and original hotel... marvel at how they took an old warehouse, made it cutting edge modern in appointments and kept it at the same time warm and welcoming. Not hard edge like a Shrager hotel. Really magical. In the a.m. they bring you wake up coffee... when you're ready. Lovely to return to a hotel where they know your name.... and yet you are in a big city.	
Oct 21 2009 	Cheap centrally located clean - what more could you ask for?	First the one negative: it's surrounded by strip clubs and sex shops, so if you have kids or are easily offended, don't stay here!Now the outrageous number of positives: if you book ahead with the web deal it's insanely cheap compared to anything else. It's located walking distance to a huge number of tourist attractions, and it's .5 block from the Metro station if you need to go further. The staff have been very friendly, and finding out it was our first trip to Montreal have made sure we knew about all the places we should go see. Parking is right around the corner in a guarded lot, and only costs $12 CAD a day. The rooms are lived in, but clean, with a sink and towel racks in the room itself. The bathrooms are huge and clean and well lit. The heat works very well. There is free Wi-Fi with a strong signal.It is an area that gets a little rowdy at night, so sleeping with the windows open is definitely out, but each room has an A/C in the window.Oh, and bring your own alarm clock - that isn't provided. All the other usual stuff is.I would definitely stay here again, if coming to this area.	
Aug 28 2009 	Weekend Surprise	Rooms small but rate affordable ($75) a night but lost a good night sleep because of a wedding downstairs that was going full blast with thumping beat that shook our bed at 12:30 AM. After we complained at the front desk they said another 20 - 30 minutes and they would talk to the manager. The noise continued from the restaurant and did not quite down until 1: 15 AM. When I complained at the front desk the next day, no apologies. &quot;It's over now, what's your problem!!&quot; This is on top of a leaky AC (that was so high up I couldn't reach controls), no TV remote, a lamp not plugged in ( we had to move the mattress to reconnect) and toilet paper holder that kept falling off the wall. It was not worth the $75 a night for this mess.	
Nov 13 2009 	Not a bad hotel and the location is pretty good	I was pleasantly surprised by the look of the lobby when my wife and I checked-in. After reading other reviews I was a bit worried, especially about the parking situation. We ended up paying an extra $2 a day to park in the same lot as the police station so that we didnt have to worry about the car. (Thankfully because of other reviews for this hotel I took out rental insurance because our car was hit in Toronto). Other than that, our room was decent and the location wasnt bad. The hotel is a few blocks away from Old Montreal and very close to a subway stop to take you anywhere else.Overall I was happy with this hotel because of the deal ($79) I got on it per night.	
Nov 15 2009 	Nice hotel	This was a beautiful hotel, the lobby is exquisite. There is a seperate counter in the lobby with someone who can ask where things are, places to eat, time things open and close, very helpful and they speak great english. The rooms are beautiful, a little small but very clean with full length glass windows with a great view. Free internet is avalaible in the lobby. There was also a shop in the lobby that sold toothpaste, snacks, water, etc. Also there is a parking garage underneath the hotel.	
	Fantastic Old Port	We stayed at the Auberge for 3 nights in November. It was a great experience from start to finish. Breakfast was included in the room rate and was sufficient enough to get us started for the day.We were in a room on the 5th floor, the room was great. The only comments are that the in room &quot;jacuzzi&quot; was not much more than a small bath (but the shower is fine!).It was a great base for our stay in Montreal. The Old Port can be a bit touristy, but it's easy enough to find good restaurants for dinner.	
Jul 21 2009 	In bad shape	After reading all the reviews I decided to book in this hotel. I thought that it would be the perfect place for a family of 5 ( two adults and three kids). I was totally wrong, we arrived and as one reviewer stated earlier the main door is locked so one thinks we are at the wrong place but the actual entrance is next door. They do have ballet parking and its $15 no choice, which is fine because most places dont have parking, especially in downtown. This hotel is located close to downtown and there is a walking distance to down town. And getting to downtown I mean walking down a street, so if you are not used to walking or if you are traveling with kids I would recommend taking your own trasportation or taking the metro which is located next to the hotel. The room was very, very, very small for our three kids to even move around. The kitchen was even smaller than the bathroom, the sofa bed was torn and the furniture was scratched and outdated, the room was clean but we were dissappointed. To make things worse the room was not cooling so we asked the front desk to change us to another room and it was still the same, hot, so we decided to sleep with the window open. Also, there is a note in the kitchen that says that you must leave the kitchen the same way as it was otherwise there is a 25.00 charge. This is just rediculous because if they expect us to leave everything clean then I demand to receive a good room not a torn couch and scratched furniture. Would I stay here again. NO	
Apr 26 2009 	Old School (dated) rooms but ok	I was excited to stay at the Ritz for the first time, but it was really dated. Old floral curtains that matched the floral bedding. The room was small and looked like it was stuck in 1930 during the depression. However, my husband just loved the Bulgari toiletries that they gave each guest. The location was fine and we found street parking which was good. The lobby is really pretty and posh though. It's a bit deceiving though since the room we got was so small, old, worn and dated. However, even though it was the Ritz, we got a great price on Orbitz at around $140 a night (or perhaps it was even less). It was nice to at least try the place out. The staff was very friendly and professional at check in. The only complaint again was the dated room.	
Oct 21 2009 	Cheap centrally located clean - what more could you ask for?	First the one negative: it's surrounded by strip clubs and sex shops, so if you have kids or are easily offended, don't stay here!Now the outrageous number of positives: if you book ahead with the web deal it's insanely cheap compared to anything else. It's located walking distance to a huge number of tourist attractions, and it's .5 block from the Metro station if you need to go further. The staff have been very friendly, and finding out it was our first trip to Montreal have made sure we knew about all the places we should go see. Parking is right around the corner in a guarded lot, and only costs $12 CAD a day. The rooms are lived in, but clean, with a sink and towel racks in the room itself. The bathrooms are huge and clean and well lit. The heat works very well. There is free Wi-Fi with a strong signal.It is an area that gets a little rowdy at night, so sleeping with the windows open is definitely out, but each room has an A/C in the window.Oh, and bring your own alarm clock - that isn't provided. All the other usual stuff is.I would definitely stay here again, if coming to this area.	
Nov 19 2009 	Excellent Value and Location	My wife and I recently stayed here for a conference. My conference was at the Sheraton Centre Ville, but I was much happier to stay in the old city, as there were more restaurants and nightlife in this part of town. Montreal is such a compact city, that walking into the financial center from this hotel was only 15-20 minutes. For those planning to stay in the downtown central core/financial district, it seems to largely shut down at night. The hotel had an excellent free wine and cheese service 5-7 pm and a large breakfast buffet for free. The staff were always helpful. We had a 5th floor room, with excellent up to date furnishings and a huge bathroom/jacuzzi tub. My only complaint about the room was not enough lighting. Considering the location, freebies, and excellent style, it was a bargain.	
Sep 13 2009 	D not  I repeat do not stay here!!!!!	our story goes something like this; my 18yr old son wanted to take his girlfriend to montreal for her 18th birthday. they found this hotel online and the price was right. being only 18, my son did not have a credit card to book this room so my husband said he could use his to hold the room and then pay cash on arrival. my husband called the hotel and arranged this &quot;payment plan&quot; with them. they asked my husband to fax them a copy of his credit card so they could hold the room for my son. my husband did as they asked. as the day of travel neared, my husband contacted the hotel on more than one occasion to confirm that his card was only holding the room and that they would receive cash payment upon my sons arrival and they were not to charge the room to his card. after being reassured (about 3 times by 4 different people) that this was indeed the plan my son left for his trip. once there, my son and his girlfriend checked in and went to their assigned room to drop their belongings off. then he and his girlfriend went out for some dinner. while gone, the staff went into their room, took all of their belongings and moved them to another room without them knowing. when they came back after dinner, they were quite surprised when there was someone else in the room that they had the key for. my husband (furious) called the hotel, they had charged the room to his card after numerous reassurances that they wouldn't. my husband also mentioned about them moving my son without consent, giving the scenario that what if he had hidden something of value in the old room to which the man on the phone stated &quot;we have only upstanding guests at our hotel&quot; and than continued to YELL at my husband for calling in such a minor complaint. they refused to reverse the credit card charges and tried to tell my husband that he had given them consent to use his card, which he certainly did not. the man was very rude and belligerent to my husband over the phone and when my husband calmly told him that he would not stay there again nor would he allow his friends or family to, the man more or less didn't give a crap. they did offer my husband 1/2 price on his next stay, to which my husband laughed and said NO THANKS!!!	
Nov 26 2009 	Excellent Marriott Residence Inn Experience	Fantastic location in downtown Montreal with quick access to all points of interest...culture, shopping, and restaurants. We recommend it highly for anyone interested in visiting Montreal.	
Jul 21 2009 	In bad shape	After reading all the reviews I decided to book in this hotel. I thought that it would be the perfect place for a family of 5 ( two adults and three kids). I was totally wrong, we arrived and as one reviewer stated earlier the main door is locked so one thinks we are at the wrong place but the actual entrance is next door. They do have ballet parking and its $15 no choice, which is fine because most places dont have parking, especially in downtown. This hotel is located close to downtown and there is a walking distance to down town. And getting to downtown I mean walking down a street, so if you are not used to walking or if you are traveling with kids I would recommend taking your own trasportation or taking the metro which is located next to the hotel. The room was very, very, very small for our three kids to even move around. The kitchen was even smaller than the bathroom, the sofa bed was torn and the furniture was scratched and outdated, the room was clean but we were dissappointed. To make things worse the room was not cooling so we asked the front desk to change us to another room and it was still the same, hot, so we decided to sleep with the window open. Also, there is a note in the kitchen that says that you must leave the kitchen the same way as it was otherwise there is a 25.00 charge. This is just rediculous because if they expect us to leave everything clean then I demand to receive a good room not a torn couch and scratched furniture. Would I stay here again. NO	
Nov 23 2009 	C'est tres bon!	WOW! The hotel met and exceeded my expectations! We booked a small room and were upgraded by the hotel to a medium room! The room itself was a stunning combination of modern, sleek design and all the charm of the old stone building. The bed was possibly the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! The bathroom was small but clean and efficient. The whole space seemed very high end and comfortable!The staff was nothing but polite, accommodating and professional. The included breakfast was a typical continental breakfast, and all the pastries,fruit and accouterments were fresh and delicious (especially the croissants!). The price was on par with a Holiday Inn, but Le Petit Hotel is on a whole other level! The location is in the heart of all the wonderful amenities of Old Montreal and is very picturesque and charming.I went for an anniversary weekend and the room offered the comfortable and romantic feeling that I was looking for!! Le Petit Hotel was one of the most positive hotel experiences I have ever had (and I travel quite a bit).I read a review that complained about the lack of coffee makers in the room (even though it has a stocked mini-bar and mocrowave) but the hotel offers complimentary gourmet coffee all day in the lobby, and complimentary specialty coffees and espressos all morning. I think whoever wrote that review must work for the coffee maker industry or they are the type of person who is never happy with anything.The only negative thing that I could come up with about the hotel is that one morning there were no plates at breakfast (a situation which was rectified promptly).This is a hotel which is perfect for couples looking for a beautiful, romantic, comfortable getaway!	
Aug 23 2009 	Good location period.	Negative: The water leaks from the ceiling when it rains. the walls are thin so you need ear plugs. Positive: Great locatioin. Easy access to metro station. Wide choice of good restaurants around.	
Nov 19 2009 	hotel park avenue	i was with some friends while we had our easter holiday on montreal and since we were looking for a cheaper hotel....Hotel Park Avenue is the place to go....you'll have a bed to sleep in the night, since most of the day we were in the town...close to the bus station so you have the access to the city..	
Oct 14 2009 	nothing but good things to say about this place	Upon walking in, we were warmly welcomed by the staff. She offered us several helpful maps and sightseeing options, and mentioned that admission to the Architecture museum was free with our keycards. Other staff members were just as helpful - one recommended and called in our reservation for a terrific French bistro a block away.The room itself was quite comfortable, and very clean. Fresh towels were placed in the bathroom daily, and though the bathroom itself wasn't enormous it was still large enough for two people to get ready for the day. Bed was comfortable, sheets were clean and the pillows were soft.Breakfast was included with our stay and consisted of a sensible spread of croissants, cereal, hard-boiled eggs, fruit salad, cheese, and cold meats (salami, ham). Seating available in the boudoir as well as the lobby and area near the stairs.The location itself is fantastic - it's not on the busiest of streets but only a few blocks away from Rue St. Catherine and the Guy-Concordia Metro station (the entrance on St. Mathieu is closest). For those that like exercise, there is a Bixi station half a block away on Sherbrooke St.Highly recommended. Will definitely return here for our next visit.	
Oct 14 2009	Location-wise very convenient	I spent three nights at this hotel, concluding my tour of eatern Canada. My room was on the tenth floor, hence my slight anxiety about an escape route in the event of fire - only one central staircase. Room was comfortable, although difficult to control the temperature - either too hot, or too chilly. Being able to open the window a couple of inches provided much needed fresh air. The provision of a bath robe was a nice touch. There is a swimming pool on the second floor which looked inviting. Breakfast, if I remember correctly, was something like $Can 15 for a rather tired buffet breakfast. I did not go back - there were better cheaper options elsewhere.The location is excellent with many places within walking distance, and an efficient underground system ($Can 17 for a 3 day tourist ticket) which takes you to the Olympic Stadium, and the impressive St Joseph's Oratory. Old Montreal reminded me of Paris or Quebec, and downtown Montreal is a kind of French New York.	
	Great location but that's pretty much it	Right in the middle of downtown, next to a metro station, I couldn't ask for a better location. However the room was nothing special. We had a king bed with pull out couch suite (with a small kitchen). There was nothing blatantly wrong, but it was the little things that showed that this hotel is not a luxury one. The appliances were dated but worked fine. The bathroom was tiny and in need of an update. There were a few little holes in our bedsheets. One power outlet was not working. The list goes on, but none of those things really had an impact on our stay. We did not have to deal with the staff much so I can't comment on their helpfulness.It's a convenient place in a great location for a good price. It worked for us, but don't stay there if you expect luxury	
Nov 16 2009 	good value 	we stayed in 2 rooms for 2 nights on a weekend in november 2009.the restaurant was very good - excellent buffet for breakfast with everything you can imagine, inlcuding a hot omeltte bar. kids eat free if an adult eats as well. the service was decent, but nothing out of the ordinary.the halls and elevators are a little tired, but the rooms are great, nicely decorated, spacious, huge bathroom. the lobby is unuusal, very pretty, with coi fish swimming around.the pool area was nice, nothing fancy, but useful.on sunday morning it was closed for a while.when it re-opened, we went swimming ... my son cut his foot quite badly on BROKEN GLASS. when i reported this to the front desk, they expressed surprise, said they would send someone to look into it, but didnt offer to compensate us in any way.the spa is a bit outdated, but i had a great massage and it was very affordable - $53 for 45 minutes.the halls were pretty noisy at night. if you are a light sleeper, this might be trouble.	
Oct 14 2009	Location-wise very convenient	I spent three nights at this hotel, concluding my tour of eatern Canada. My room was on the tenth floor, hence my slight anxiety about an escape route in the event of fire - only one central staircase. Room was comfortable, although difficult to control the temperature - either too hot, or too chilly. Being able to open the window a couple of inches provided much needed fresh air. The provision of a bath robe was a nice touch. There is a swimming pool on the second floor which looked inviting. Breakfast, if I remember correctly, was something like $Can 15 for a rather tired buffet breakfast. I did not go back - there were better cheaper options elsewhere.The location is excellent with many places within walking distance, and an efficient underground system ($Can 17 for a 3 day tourist ticket) which takes you to the Olympic Stadium, and the impressive St Joseph's Oratory. Old Montreal reminded me of Paris or Quebec, and downtown Montreal is a kind of French New York.	
Nov 16 2009 	Good Business Hotel	The hotel is located very close to Atwater Metro station and is nicely located very close to Montreal Downtown. This is a pure business hotel with decent breakfast and good rooms to stay. The building is very old. However the rooms are well maintained and there is a pool and GYM at the top floor of the building. There are no restaurants inside the hotel but a 5 minute walk from the hotel gives u lots of options to eat out. A very nice and good Value for Money hotel for business travellers.	
Nov 24 2009 	reasonable well located accommodation	The hotel is an old building which has been updated with current fixtures, is clean and has original art throughout giving it a pleasant atmosphere. my room, which had quite a small window, faced the back of the hotel looking out over the back alley through a corridor of two brick walls - the low light level made it a bit dreary during the day even though it was painted bright yellow. the sleeping room was spacious, the bathroom very small and the closet contained a good-sized safe. cleanliness was very good. the hotel is well located near transport, clubs, bars &amp; restaurants on rues st. denis and st. laurent. breakfast which is included is basic continental &amp; is a little on the skimpy side. I had little interaction with staff, but they seemed courteous &amp; informative.	
Aug 18 2009 	just fine	Casa Bella was a ok. Nothing fancy, but the room was spacious comparing to how we usually travel. Bed was ok; clean, flat pillows but had two per person, ac in room a big plus. Breakfast was brought to room on request and towels changed daily. Parking was free and staff were nice. No complains.	
Nov 17 2009 	What a great hotel!	Stayed two nights. Drove a rental car in from Burlington Vermont airport [thanks, TripAdvisors!] and the Hertz GPS found the address with no trouble. Parked, checked-in and in room in less than thirty minutes. Very comfortable, large room with a nice bath/shower. Clean and fresh. Staff was always helpful, welcoming. Internet access set up in the lobby was a lifesaver, and free. [I think they had wifi and an in-room port, but I don't travel with the laptop, so I'm not sure.] A nice bar across the street, excellent restaurants and museums within walking distance. Close to the Metro. A lovely city, a great hotel. I'll go again in 2011 if they sign the Formula One contract! Parking was $18 per day, with in and out for free, but the desk waived my two day parking because they hadn't fixed the toilet occasionally running I had reported.	
	Great price and location not so great service and cleaniness	I will start off with saying you can't beat the location for the price. The rooms were great with a kitchenette and a decent TV and fantastic view of Old Montreal. The only issues I had with the hotel were: One, there were dirty dishes still in the sink and a duster on the floor when we arrived in the room. Two the cleaning staff just walked in without knocking and then just stood there as if waiting for us to leave.Aside from the cleaning ladies that were rude, the front desk staff were friendly and helpful.I would stay there again, but check that the room has been cleaned an leave your 'do not disturb' sign on at all times if you want privacy.	
	Great location but that's pretty much it	Right in the middle of downtown, next to a metro station, I couldn't ask for a better location. However the room was nothing special. We had a king bed with pull out couch suite (with a small kitchen). There was nothing blatantly wrong, but it was the little things that showed that this hotel is not a luxury one. The appliances were dated but worked fine. The bathroom was tiny and in need of an update. There were a few little holes in our bedsheets. One power outlet was not working. The list goes on, but none of those things really had an impact on our stay. We did not have to deal with the staff much so I can't comment on their helpfulness.It's a convenient place in a great location for a good price. It worked for us, but don't stay there if you expect luxury	
Nov 4 2009 	Ok place to stay	close to airport and easy access to downtown. very clean and staff is very helpfull. Good Wi Fi included and good breakfast included in price. Parking at $9 per day is excessive. Overall an OK place to stay short term. a bit too expensive compared to comparable hotels in the area. Hard to access if you are not familiar with the ridiculous traffic circle within a traffic circle road set up. The city of Dorval and the airport authority really need to get it together and try to make things user friendly re signage &amp; access. It's Montreal so don't hold your breath waiting for that to happen.	
Nov 2 2009 	Horrible Service!!!	It took us forever to find the hotel itself, since it is on a very small side street. Many taxi cab drivers didn't even know where it was. At first we loved the hotel, we had a lovely welcomed and were up graded for free. We spent over $900 in this hotel for four nights. You are charged extra for house keeping, look at your bill carefully. But house keeping never came. We left the hotel room in a reasonable conition; a couple of beer bottels, un-made beds, full trash bins since they were never emptied. After leaving we were charged an ADDITIONAL $350 for house keeping. BEWARE all they want is your money and will find ANYTHING to charge you extra. When calling the hotel to inquire about the extra charge I was told 'I do not have time to listen to your complaint' and was hung up on, THREE times!!! I have finally found out that they charged me to wash linens. At first glance, you will think you are getting an awsome deal, but unless your cleaning the room yourself, you really arent.	
Oct 14 2009 	Hotel's clean but due for renovation	The hotel is centrally located in downtown Montreal and it's easily accessible to a lot of tourist attraction. Hotel's clean and staffs are very friendly but it's due badly for renovation. It has no swimming pool either.	
Sep 13 2009 	D not  I repeat do not stay here!!!!!	our story goes something like this; my 18yr old son wanted to take his girlfriend to montreal for her 18th birthday. they found this hotel online and the price was right. being only 18, my son did not have a credit card to book this room so my husband said he could use his to hold the room and then pay cash on arrival. my husband called the hotel and arranged this &quot;payment plan&quot; with them. they asked my husband to fax them a copy of his credit card so they could hold the room for my son. my husband did as they asked. as the day of travel neared, my husband contacted the hotel on more than one occasion to confirm that his card was only holding the room and that they would receive cash payment upon my sons arrival and they were not to charge the room to his card. after being reassured (about 3 times by 4 different people) that this was indeed the plan my son left for his trip. once there, my son and his girlfriend checked in and went to their assigned room to drop their belongings off. then he and his girlfriend went out for some dinner. while gone, the staff went into their room, took all of their belongings and moved them to another room without them knowing. when they came back after dinner, they were quite surprised when there was someone else in the room that they had the key for. my husband (furious) called the hotel, they had charged the room to his card after numerous reassurances that they wouldn't. my husband also mentioned about them moving my son without consent, giving the scenario that what if he had hidden something of value in the old room to which the man on the phone stated &quot;we have only upstanding guests at our hotel&quot; and than continued to YELL at my husband for calling in such a minor complaint. they refused to reverse the credit card charges and tried to tell my husband that he had given them consent to use his card, which he certainly did not. the man was very rude and belligerent to my husband over the phone and when my husband calmly told him that he would not stay there again nor would he allow his friends or family to, the man more or less didn't give a crap. they did offer my husband 1/2 price on his next stay, to which my husband laughed and said NO THANKS!!!	
Nov 21 2009 	Outstanding service!!	We stayed at the Auberge Bonaparte for 2 nights. I have never had more thorough and efficient service. The desk clerk mapped out our travels for us, told us how to take public transit, even sold us the bus tickets. I left my phone charger in the room when we checked out. I didn't bother to call them, just gave it up for lost. It showed up in the mail about a month after we got home! What a great surprise. Great location and lovely rooms, great breakfasts!	
Nov 22 2009 	Great Hotel Experience	My husband and I traveled to Old Montreal for a 4 day get-away. The hotel was beautiful. It is decorated in a trendy, urban chic dcor. It is very clean, and the staff was polite and helpful. My husband and I are frequent travelers; we look to stay in the nicest hotels available. There is curbside valet parking for all guests; and concierge service around the clock. We received complimentary wine every night on the roof top lounge, and a free truly continental breakfast daily with wonderful croissants, rich coffee, and fruit and chocolate. Old Montreal is decidedly European with most staff speaking multiple languages including English, French and Spanish.The hotel is located in the heart of Old Montreal and walking is a must. This hotel is located a block from the Note Dame Basilica, The historic waterfront, museums, shopping and restaurants.My one suggestion is not to stay on the top floor, as the rooftop bar and restaurant are noisy well past midnight, and the staff is up there cleaning and moving chairs and tables very early!	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Experience	Clean and Cheap!! Easy to book, great location!! Highly recommended!!	
Aug 4 2009 	This place is not "prestigious" at all	We stayed at the hotel for one night on the August long weekend for a music festival Montreal was holding. It should have been our first indication that the 4 pan glass window at the reception meant that their were security issues in the building but who would have thought that anyone would have to truly worry about their safety!We left our luggage in the room while we were on Montreal island for the festival. To our surprise the next morning while attempting to pay for breakfast our money would be missing. Our bags were tampered with and our wallets were emptied. Once reporting what had happened to the Manager at &quot;Hotel Le Prestige&quot;- he was completely unhelpful and rude. I HIGHLY recommend that NO ONE stays at this hotel. The staff will violate you and your belongings and they cannot be trusted. When someone pays $120 for a room, which is locked, they do not expect to return to a staff member stealing their belongings. Please take my advice, do not stay here.	
Aug 28 2009 	Weekend Surprise	Rooms small but rate affordable ($75) a night but lost a good night sleep because of a wedding downstairs that was going full blast with thumping beat that shook our bed at 12:30 AM. After we complained at the front desk they said another 20 - 30 minutes and they would talk to the manager. The noise continued from the restaurant and did not quite down until 1: 15 AM. When I complained at the front desk the next day, no apologies. &quot;It's over now, what's your problem!!&quot; This is on top of a leaky AC (that was so high up I couldn't reach controls), no TV remote, a lamp not plugged in ( we had to move the mattress to reconnect) and toilet paper holder that kept falling off the wall. It was not worth the $75 a night for this mess.	
Sep 25 2009 	VERY BAD BREAKFAST	regular room very bad breakfast food was scarce and rubber seemed good location and room for parking. NOT RECOMMEND	
	Small Gem in a Big City	This was our second visit to the Hotel XIXe Sicle. It is located in Montreal's old town just a few blocks up from the port and a block or so away from the tourist shops that abound in that area. There is free on-street overnight parking on the weekends, meters during the day, valet parking is also available. The lobby of the hotel has held different interesting art exhibits both times we have been there. The staff was accommodating, quick to help with restaurant suggestions or directions. We have had some lovely meals at restaurants that they recommended. The rooms are spacious and appear even larger because of the 14' ceilings. The furniture is very european and well kept up. Nice art on the walls. Our bathroom provided everything we needed, including a nice shower and good lighting. The lighting in the room was also good. Our package included breakfast - the dining room was nice and bright, the food was a typical hotel breakfast buffet - cereal, toast, bagels, fruit, yogurt and coffee.The location of the hotel is great; close to the sights in the old town and not a bad walk to downtown Montreal shopping. There are also buses that run close by. We would highly recommend this hotel for a romantic weekend getaway or an extended stay.	
Nov 13 2009 	Not a bad hotel and the location is pretty good	I was pleasantly surprised by the look of the lobby when my wife and I checked-in. After reading other reviews I was a bit worried, especially about the parking situation. We ended up paying an extra $2 a day to park in the same lot as the police station so that we didnt have to worry about the car. (Thankfully because of other reviews for this hotel I took out rental insurance because our car was hit in Toronto). Other than that, our room was decent and the location wasnt bad. The hotel is a few blocks away from Old Montreal and very close to a subway stop to take you anywhere else.Overall I was happy with this hotel because of the deal ($79) I got on it per night.	
Apr 10 2009 	Stole my house keys	This hotel now has my house keys and refuses to return them to me. I phoned numerous times and spoke to the Manager Jay Raaz and he told me he would send them and still no keys. I have no idea why they have an interest in keeping my house keys but DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Nov 11 2009 	A Happy Stay	We were guests of Le Germain for the period November 6-8 and were very happy with our stay. The hotel is well located to restaurants, shops, and the museum but is on a relatively quiet side street. We love the design of the hotel - clean, edgy, and minamilist, yet still warm- and its small size. Our room (1407) was large, extremely comfortable, and well appointed. The hotel is showing its age, however, and there are certain things that need attention. The room carpet had a bleach spot in one area, baseboard and the paper cover on the drywall were missing in an inconspicuous spot beside the desk, and the toilet cubicle wood door was covered with dirt, a build up of oil and grime from hands, and other unidentified material. YUCK! Toiletries are Aveda. Towels are thick and two robes were provided. Inexplicably, the hotel uses a cheap one ply toilet paper reminiscent of the stuff one imagines was used in the former USSR. The bed is extremely comfortable but the linens were a little rough. The hotel service shines. We had free valet parking and were able to have the car retrieved within minutes. The valets appeared within seconds of us driving up to the hotel. All were extremely friendly and cordial. The front desk staff is outstanding. They are all unassuming, willing, and friendly. We were greeted warmly whenever we were in the lobby. The concierge also accommodated all of our requests for restaurant information and reservations. A small buffet breakfast with newspaper was included in our rate at the hotels restaurant Laurie Raphael. Service again was good and very efficient. The food was nothing special-eggs, bagels, bread, bacon, fruit, banana bread, juice, etc. We visited the bar in the same room on one occasion for a pre-dinner drink. Its on the small side and wines by the glass were a little pricey. Service again was willing and pleasant. The only downside was peculiar and unpleasant odour in the room that was not evident at breakfast..I note that the hotel does follow these reviews and hope that the deficiencies I noted are corrected. If they are, the hotel would be ideal.	
Oct 14 2009 	It's a keeper!	Ok...so this place is not the Ritz. In fact it is very basic. There was a bed, tv, dressers, a chair, coffee table, and bathroom. But it was exceptionally clean! Really, I didn't go to Montreal to stay in the hotel. It was only used to sleep and shower. So my main concern with a room is to make sure it was clean. It was very clean. Towels were changed daily. The hotel is also not in the tourist part of Montreal but it was a nice part of Montreal. It was very close to many DELICIOUS restaurants. Across the street from the hotel is Dusty's which is a great diner for breakfast. We walked to Old Montreal so if you're a good walker you'll be fine. We were only like 2 blocks from Mont-Royal park. It was a great spot and very cheap!	
Nov 22 2009 	Great Hotel Experience	My husband and I traveled to Old Montreal for a 4 day get-away. The hotel was beautiful. It is decorated in a trendy, urban chic dcor. It is very clean, and the staff was polite and helpful. My husband and I are frequent travelers; we look to stay in the nicest hotels available. There is curbside valet parking for all guests; and concierge service around the clock. We received complimentary wine every night on the roof top lounge, and a free truly continental breakfast daily with wonderful croissants, rich coffee, and fruit and chocolate. Old Montreal is decidedly European with most staff speaking multiple languages including English, French and Spanish.The hotel is located in the heart of Old Montreal and walking is a must. This hotel is located a block from the Note Dame Basilica, The historic waterfront, museums, shopping and restaurants.My one suggestion is not to stay on the top floor, as the rooftop bar and restaurant are noisy well past midnight, and the staff is up there cleaning and moving chairs and tables very early!	
Jul 24 2009 	Never again!	They say it's well located wich is true... BUT... some one broke into my car, normal thing says the front desk! happens all the time... as for the rooms, eventhough i got a non smoking room it smelled like an ash tray. For 20$ or so, you could book downtown in somewhere nicer!	
Nov 15 2009 	Nice hotel	This was a beautiful hotel, the lobby is exquisite. There is a seperate counter in the lobby with someone who can ask where things are, places to eat, time things open and close, very helpful and they speak great english. The rooms are beautiful, a little small but very clean with full length glass windows with a great view. Free internet is avalaible in the lobby. There was also a shop in the lobby that sold toothpaste, snacks, water, etc. Also there is a parking garage underneath the hotel.	
Nov 25 2009 	Good location nice rooms	The online reviews of this hotel (other websites) mention some features I did not find - like a rain shower and so on but overall the rooms were very clean, good decorations, the hotel is centrally located. I would only say to head elsewhere for breakfast because the hotel's restaurant was extremely pricey and the coffee was horrible.	
Nov 24 2009 	Good Amenities Excellent Location...	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. This hotel is at an excellent location, right on Rue Sherbrooke Ouest (West). We found that the property was fairly new, and well maintained. All of the staff we encountered spoke French &amp; English, and happily switched between both based on our interaction. The rooms were extremely clean. Having free access to WiFi, as well as a microwave and refrigerator in the room were really helpful. The bathroom in *our* room did not have a tub (may be a concern for some - not an issue for us).Staying at this hotel will put you within walking distance of the Metro (Place-des-Arts), as well as restaurants/shopping (Rue. St. Catherine, etc). The hotel offers underground parking for $20 (CAD) a day. We didn't experience a problem finding a spot in their facility, and left the car there for the duration of our stay (walked and used the Metro). Overall, I was very pleased with our stay at this hotel. I have visited Montreal several times, and have stayed at a couple of other properties. We found a very good rate for this stay, and would certainly stay here again (if the price is right).	
Nov 23 2009 	We loved it!	After reading the reviews, I had high expectations for the hotel and it lived up to them and more. My kids (4 and 7) upon arrival were immediately charmed by the bellhop guys who high-fived my youngest and talked hockey with my oldest. Really nice to take time like that for little guys. The room was huge and really comfy. A bit too much so, since my husband and I had a hard time getting them outside to see the city. They wanted to go swimming and watch the flat screen tv instead. The pool was really nice for them, and a great vista. However, it's much more of a lap pool. The parking was also convenient. There is a lot right next door and I think it is a bit cheaper. However, it's an outdoor lot and I'm fairly sure there rate of 10 CAD was not for 24 hours like the hotel. Overall, I thought the valet parking charge of 20 CAD was worth it. Overall, the only complaint I heard from our ranks was my husband who claimed the mattress was hard. I however, loved it since I like firmer mattresses. Also, map quest the hotel before you set out for it. The directions included on their website are really, really poor. Luckily we had our iphones and a basic understanding of the Montreal streets or we would have been horribly lost. Anyways, I highly recommend the hotel and can't wait to go back. Super friendly staff!	
	A refuge from the awful weather	We stayed at this hotel for the same reasons a lot of other travellers do - it was conveniently located above the train station. The hotle was very moderately priced, and seemed even more of a bargain after what we paid for in New York.Our room had recently been refurbished and was lovely. The bed was spectacularly comfortable and we had the best sleep of the whole trip. Unlike others, I thought the room was definitely large enough. The view was nice. We had room service which was ok, and drinks in the lounge downstairs that were good quality, reasonably priced and accompanied by great service and snacks. It surprises me that there was no free wifi, but that it had to be paid for, whereas the 2* hotel in New York was able to provide it.The location was ok, and we were able to find some good restaurants and used the metro system with ease. I would definitely recommend.	
Sep 25 2009 	VERY BAD BREAKFAST	regular room very bad breakfast food was scarce and rubber seemed good location and room for parking. NOT RECOMMEND	
Nov 15 2009 	Great value.	I stayed here while attending an academic conference. I paid less than 1/3 of the price of the conference hotels and got a single room plus continental breakfast (not included at the other hotels). Breakfast is a big muffin, coffee and juice. This is not the place to choose if you want new, fashionable, luxurious accommodations, but I found the room clean and it had everything I needed. The hotel is a short walk from a metro stop and about a 10 minute walk from the Palais des Congres. It is a 10-20 minute walk to the Old City and to other parts of downtown. The manager was friendly and very helpful. I was very happy with my stay!	
Jul 24 2009 	Never again!	They say it's well located wich is true... BUT... some one broke into my car, normal thing says the front desk! happens all the time... as for the rooms, eventhough i got a non smoking room it smelled like an ash tray. For 20$ or so, you could book downtown in somewhere nicer!	
Nov 8 2009 	Great Location View Service	The hotel itself is elegant. First class lobby that looked really nice. The bar was not quite right (bad drinks, service, nobody there). The indoor / outdoor pool they have is great for lounging. The rooms were very spacious. Lots of room to spread out. The beds were only OK for a room this big and nice. The views of the city and surrounding area were just awesome. The service was great, we ordered room service twice and it was fast and good both times.	
Oct 2 2009 	Nice small hotel in good location	Stayed here for 1 night in September 2009. Had large top floor room with good size bathroom. Room facilities good. Hotel location fine for shops and restaurants. Free continental breakfast - not lots of choice, but you can upgrade to a cooked breakfast for $5. Staff helpful. Wifi fine. Parking on site and chargeable.	
	Basically said we were liers	Stayed here for 3 nights. They were building a new parking lot and i could hear them all hours of the night on the 14th floor. Also room was not clean second night as maid forgot to clean. Did get a discount at chek out after day manager basically called us liers. Spoke with GM manager :) Breakfast is like 10.00 or more!	
Nov 19 2009 	Centrally Located and Very Good Value	I spent two nights at the Delta Montreal and was very pleased with my stay. The first night was booked through a special rate with Expedia and the second night was booked at the last minute with the front desk. I stayed in a normal room the first night and an upgraded room the second night. The difference between the two include: the upgraded room is a bit larger, has an electronic thermostat, mouthwash, higher floors, 1 bottled water, nicer desk chair. Overall the furniture in both rooms was the same and overall pretty nice, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was clean and spacious. The staff was very helpful with all of my requests. My only complaint would be that the rooms are oddly shaped and much of the extra space is useless. I would say this hotel is a very good 3-star, and is in a great location.	
	Excellent service newly renovated hotel.	We stayed one night in this wonderful and warm hotel and recommend it highly. Our suite was fully equipped with a kitchenette, comfortable bed, and brand-new bathroom. The friendly and helpful owner was in the process of installing new LCD HD tvs in all the rooms and we had the pleasure of enjoying this new feature. The hotel was well located for our purposes, and we enjoyed breakfast in a charming cafe on the corner (Cafe Imagination). The suite was at the back and very quiet. Parking was conveniently provided, although we worried about the safety of the car based on its back-alley location. Overall we would stay at the Parc Suites again!	
Nov 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel	This hotel was very clean and beautiful as well as comfortable. The staff was very friendly. The airport shuttle was timely and the fact that I could leave my car there for a week at no extra charge was comforting. The shuttle was there again when I came back. I would definitely stay there again and have recommended it to co-workers.	
Aug 3 2008 	great location interesting layout but overcharged $50 for key i returned	the whole complex feels like it is dying. very few customers, dont know when the hotel has a front desk person. had to get everything from bartender who didnt know much about what was included in room (telephone internet etc..) found it to be much too expensive and they put a $50 room key deposit on my credit card and didnt take it off when I checked out. so now ive been trying to get ahold of someone for two days now to fix the problem and it seems the bartender is the only one who answers the phone and of course cant do anything about it. i would stay there again if it was $45 a night or less.	
Nov 25 2009 	Good location nice rooms	The online reviews of this hotel (other websites) mention some features I did not find - like a rain shower and so on but overall the rooms were very clean, good decorations, the hotel is centrally located. I would only say to head elsewhere for breakfast because the hotel's restaurant was extremely pricey and the coffee was horrible.	
Nov 9 2009 	Perfect in every way	I am a former travel editor at one of the most upscale American magazines. I have travelled the globe and am never unduly impressed... and can't bear pretension. But I was totally taken with the Hotel Gault. Small, exceptionally gracious staff, stunning and chic, superb location on quiet side street on the edge of Old Town. Two minute walk to metro. Totally stylish and original hotel... marvel at how they took an old warehouse, made it cutting edge modern in appointments and kept it at the same time warm and welcoming. Not hard edge like a Shrager hotel. Really magical. In the a.m. they bring you wake up coffee... when you're ready. Lovely to return to a hotel where they know your name.... and yet you are in a big city.	
Oct 14 2009 	Hotel's clean but due for renovation	The hotel is centrally located in downtown Montreal and it's easily accessible to a lot of tourist attraction. Hotel's clean and staffs are very friendly but it's due badly for renovation. It has no swimming pool either.	
Nov 9 2009 	Travelodge Holetel	Slow season, so we got a decent deal at $80. Lobby is nice and clean. Get to the room, the door hits the first single bed. Use the bathroom, that door hits the other single bed. Between the two beds, there was room for 2 people to stand up. Brutal.TV was from 1980, and had 30 channels to select from. The shower is awkward. You have to stand on a weird angle with the water spraying towards your right side or you will risk flooding the place.Vending machine took my money last night, and the dill pickle chips would not fall down. Told reception, he said &quot;the gift shop owns that. come back in the morning, talk to 'em and you'll get your money back&quot;. Well uhhh that wasnt the point. it was my last toonie, but the lovely gentleman did offer to break my $20 so I could give it another shot.LOL$20 for parking.This place doesn't attract the finest clientele either. Just walking up my floor at 3am last night, the halls are filled with at least 4-5 pizza boxes, a ton of chinese takeout containers, garbage bags, and some noodles spread out in front of the elevator.I would definitely rather spend the extra $40-$60 to sleep somewhere with more comfortable pillows, or perhaps ones that do not tiny blood stain dots on thebedsheets. YUP. Blood on the sheets. In all, these rooms are way too small to charge for. In fact, I think I rather sleep in my car.The room cleaners were really nice though.	
	First Class All the Way!	When my boyfriend and I booked this hotel, we did not realize that it had only opened in Spring 2009. We stayed in a King Deluxe corner room, which was absolutely stunning. Service was first class and the staff were very professional and polite. The hotel is also a mere 8-10 minute walk from St. Paul in Old Montreal. The breakfast buffet was also impressive with top quality food and service. We would definitely stay there again when we return to Montreal.	
Oct 14 2009 	nothing but good things to say about this place	Upon walking in, we were warmly welcomed by the staff. She offered us several helpful maps and sightseeing options, and mentioned that admission to the Architecture museum was free with our keycards. Other staff members were just as helpful - one recommended and called in our reservation for a terrific French bistro a block away.The room itself was quite comfortable, and very clean. Fresh towels were placed in the bathroom daily, and though the bathroom itself wasn't enormous it was still large enough for two people to get ready for the day. Bed was comfortable, sheets were clean and the pillows were soft.Breakfast was included with our stay and consisted of a sensible spread of croissants, cereal, hard-boiled eggs, fruit salad, cheese, and cold meats (salami, ham). Seating available in the boudoir as well as the lobby and area near the stairs.The location itself is fantastic - it's not on the busiest of streets but only a few blocks away from Rue St. Catherine and the Guy-Concordia Metro station (the entrance on St. Mathieu is closest). For those that like exercise, there is a Bixi station half a block away on Sherbrooke St.Highly recommended. Will definitely return here for our next visit.	
Oct 13 2009 	Just as long as it is clean....	I guess as long as the room is clean I am okay with it. It did have 2.5 stars on Hotwire.com, so I was happy with what we did get although initially I was leary about booking it. What swayed me is that it was the only one listed on Hotwire.com offering breakfast. My girlfriend &amp; I spent just 2 nights there.PROS:1) The room was clean and the bathroom spotless although it did not have a clean fresh smell, a little Febreeze would have been nice. 2) The room had a small frig and enough utensils and cups for 2 people but no dishes.3) They provided you dishwashing liquid &amp; sponge.4) Breakfast which included your basic continental offerings did its job in keeping our bellies full until late afternoon. You could toast your bagels or sliced bread. In addition to hot beverages, the only hot breakfast item that you could make was oatmeal from packets &amp; hotwater.5) It was close to the Metro.6) You are within walking distance to many eateries.7) Beds were nice and firm, not so soft as where you can feel every spring. It was just right for me.8) You had a coffee maker in your room but don't ask for extra coffee unless you are willing to pay a dollar more.9) Staff helpful and hospitable, although there was the microwave incident.10) Room with two double beds was roomy. In fact it was more roomy then most other 2 bedded rooms that I have stayed in.8) If you are an older person in your late 40's that loves to dance to contemporary dance music you may want to check out Club Thursdays on Rue Crescent. We found that it was happening on Saturday night, with an older crowd. Unless you are drinking shots of straight liquor, I would advise to stay with beer. The mixed drinks sucked! CONS:1) NO MICROWAVE OR STOVE even though it was listed in Hotwire.com ($65 including tax per night). As soon as we arrived we had asked for a microwave and we're told that one would be delivered to us...it never came!2) I was amazed at the number of derelicts they had in that immediate area. Although my girlfriend and I (2 females) did not feel fearful, they were annoying with their begging. We are from the NYC area and nowadays you don't see as many beggars in Manhattan as we saw in Downtown Montreal, we were astonished!3) The hotel's parking is underneath a nearby hotel, it is down a steep narrow one lane driveway (be careful not to scratch the side of your car). From what we saw there is only one way in and one way out, which is quite dangerous, since it very narrow. It is a very small parking garage with 3 levels and you CAN'T park on level 1 closest to the entry/exit. If you are claustrophobic this is definitely not for you, since the ceiling height is low as well. I don't believe an SUV would fit in it. I don't believe it is worth $15 plus taxes per day parking fee since parking right next to hotel in an open lot is just $10.75 per day but as I read on internet, the attendant (in the open lot) does not stay there all night so your car may disappear. I didn't want to take the risk especially with NJ license plates. There has to be cheaper alternatives nearby but I didn't have the chance to investigate. Parking in downtown Montreal is expensive but then again nothing beats Manhattan in terms of ridiculous parking prices. Like I once told a Manhattan attendant, &quot;I don't want to buy the parking space, I just want to borrow it for a short while!&quot;4) As tourists you can no longer recoup the taxes you paid on goods you purchased. Canada terminated that program in April of 2007 although if you purchased your hotel/tour package as part of a tour group, those taxes you can still recoup. Ah shucks!5) Getting back to the hotel there were no dressers or bureaus to layout your clothing, only closets. 6) Our box springs appeared to be filthy; mine with what appeared to be coffee stains. The hotel would be well advised to steam clean &amp; cover up those box springs with bed skirts.8) Do not take a room that faces the main streets. We were awakened to the sounds of the derelicts arguing in front of the hotel, traffic and street cleaning (in the very early morning hours). 7) It was rare to see a Montreal Police Officer in the streets, it would have given me a greater sense of security. Although I hear that Montreal is pretty safe, hey but you never know! Crazy people are all around.I have included pictures of our room that were not included in the Hotel's website.All in all, I would stay at the Hotel Le Roberval again.	
Jan 18 2009	NOT a hotel anymore!	I last stayed at the Montfort five years ago and it excellent and economical so I now that I'm planning another visit to MTL, I decided to try it again. Only problem is, they are no longer a hotel but an apartment building according to the gentleman who answered the phone. Time to update your information Trip Advisor! Jan 2009.	
	Great hotel; Phenomenal staff	Good accommodations in an excellent location for a reasonable price. Comfortable, spacious rooms were exactly the home base we needed to explore the city and nightlife. Breakfast included from the Bistro was a nice plus. When our car got broken into (recommend paying a little extra to park in the hotel's garage instead of street parking) the hotel staff could not have been more helpful. Paul came to the rescue of these three American travelers and helped us deal with the difficult situation from every angle -- always exceedingly gracious. Recommend Hotel De Paris to any travelers visiting Montreal. We'll definitely stay here the next time we visit!	
Nov 13 2009 	Good for a one night stay.	Awarded this on Priceline. A Dorval Airport property. The first thing I look for, once I've gotten past basic safety, cleanliness, and decor, is the availability of a convenient electrical outlet for my laptop. This renovated room fails the test -- no electrical plug by the bed, none along the wall beside the bed. Fortunately, I brought an extension cord and was able to jerry rig some power from the electrical plug built-in to the desk light. I'm using it to write this review. The wireless internet signal is strong (I'm on the 5th floor), and there's no sign-in mumbo-jumbo to go through.The room is clean and functional, but small. The bathroom is also quite small. Not what you usually associate with the Crowne Plaza brand. The only chair in the room is the desk chair -- the room is probably too small for an easy chair, so it's not great for curling up with a book, or watching TV from a comfortable chair. For those of you bringing your earthly treasures, there's an in-room safe. There also appears to be a locked honor bar. And, there's a bottle of something on the bed. Inspection reveals that it is a bottle of linen mist, presumably for inducing some kind of aromatherapeutic state prior to slumber.The carpets in the hallway are a strangely disturbing red-grey combo with some circley things along one side only. Do not attempt to navigate the hallway while intoxicated or on strong medications. Perhaps the in-room linen mist helps overcome the disorientation caused by walking the hallway.In the elevator waiting area, there's a blast of air from a vent in the wall that easily equals the ones used to dry a car in a car wash. I mean, the artificial tree is swaying in the breeze, and the pages of the top newspaper in the pile of newspapers are blowing.That's about it. There's a flat-screen TV on the wall; you can use it to watch the Canadian curling championships.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great Location	I stayed here 3 nights on a personal visit. I booked it through Expedia. I paid AU$545.05 including taxes for the 3 nights. The location was exactly where I wanted to be which is the main reason I chose it. The entrance is a bit odd. From the street you go though doors and down half a flight of stairs. What you see from the street is a hair dressing salon. The entrance to the hotel lobby is to the right of the salon. The lobby is incrediably tacky	
	Better than expected	I stayed here on a Priceline rate and had good experience. First off, they put me on the 32nd floor with one of the best views of Montreal I've had. (Those of us who are Priceline regulars usually expect something on a low floor with a view of the parking lot.)Second, the bed was fantastic.Third, you are right on top of the Metro.Yes, the room was dated and the lobby seems a bit fuddy-duddy if you're under 40. But overall, I would not mind staying here again.	
Sep 11 2007 	Nasty do not stay here under any circumstances!	This is without a doubt the worst and most disgusting place I've ever stayed at. We came here when we were still students on a pretty tight budget. We wanted something close to Olympic Stadium so that we could catch a few Expos' games. Once you arrive here, the place looks nothing like it does in the pictures you find online. It's like one of those cartoons where you're looking at a really nice picture and when they pull the picture away, it's the same place but all dreary and delapidated. The whole outside of the building looked gross. The room from afar looked like a Best Western room, but things like door hinges looked like they had fallen apart and the owners decided on a quick fix rather than repairing it right. We were too naive to realize that this was one of the sketchy parts of town, but that's what it is in. The worst part was that there were tiny bugs all over the counter of the washroom. I felt so disgusted and wanted to jump into a pool of pure alcohol to disinfect myself. Do not stay here, spend a few extra bucks at a hotel chain.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good option for a very good price.	The locaion of the hotel its relly good for turist interest, the best its the price .	
Sep 6 2007 	Nice staff lousy air conditioning	The hotel is located in a convenient suburban Montreal location near several highways. For the area it was a fair rate but the area is expensive in general. There were only a few people in the hotel so it was very quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpful.The room upgraded quite nicely, including a nice and clean bathroom. Plenty of TV channels in both French and English. The only problem was the air conditioning. The control is an old dial thermostat which I could deal with but the AC was not cold. I figured it would take a while to cool down but when I laid down to go to sleep I was a bit too warm for comfort. If I had realized earlier that the AC wasn't going to cool the room I would have called the desk to be moved but I was already settled in so I dealt with it. Luckily it was a cool night and there is a window that opens. I would have some doubts about staying here again for the simple fact that the air conditioning was not effective.	
	Pricy Busy and Well Located	We forgot how many times weve been to that hotel. The location is very convenient for us.This is not the most peaceful hotel; its big and busy, however very well located restaurants, bars, disco, shopping etc. Like most Sheraton Hotel the rooms have been refurbish, and are clean and cozy. The overall service and staff is decent, but not great, and this is not due to a language barrier because were fully bilingual. Some of the staff members would require a refresher course on customer relationship.Overnight interior self-serve parking is $20.00, you can park in a nearby exterior parking lot for less than $10.00. For food quality and price venture to local restaurants in the vicinity, the choice and variety is remarkable.M &amp; L D, Ottawa	
Sep 1 2009 	not to be remembered	we spent there just one night. we were lucky as we got a parking place, the neighborhood wasn't the best you can think of.the room was average, large enough for 4 people&quot;strange&quot; people in the area, we felt unconfortable coming back after dinnerbreakfast? nothing to write homehot breakfast..??..we had some fruit and coffee(!!) even no cereal for the girls.	
	Great hotel for the price fabulous location	My fiance and I stayed in Montreal for a week this past October, as a last minute getaway. We weren't interested in spending a lot of money on our hotel, as we knew we would be out and about most of the time. We chose the Quaily Inn for it's location, which as it turned out, was perfect. There are three pleasant pubs within ten strides of the lobby. I would strongly suggest Brutopia (right across the street) for some excellently crafted micobrews and live entertainment. Also, the MadHatter (next door) has very good pub chow and great drink specials ( three shots for $10). There are plenty of other establishments just a short walk away as well. Great shopping, dining, and galleries were all within walking distance. The hotel itself honestly exceeded out expectations. The staff was helpful and friendly. The room was spacious and had a nice balcony. The bathroom could use a update, but was clean and functional. The beds we large, clean and comfortable. Perfectly acceptable for a $90 a night lodging. The parking across the street was expensive ($20 a night), but parking every where is expensive ( it IS a CITY). Overall I would recommend Quality to anyone who is traveling on a budget.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very nice stay	This hotel is a 2-3 minute walk from the Place des Arts station. Downtown is a 15 minute walk or 5 minute metro ride. Old Montreal/Chinatown is also a 15 minute walk away. I arrived at this hotel around 12:30 PM and was promptly given a room on the top floor. Staff were always friendly and helpful with any questions I had. No free breakfast but lots of places to eat around hotel including a Cora's across the street. Also a Provigo is across the street so very convenient however there was no fridge or microwave in my room. No free pc to use but there is free wireless internet access. The charge for the pc was I think $3 for 20 minutes. You can go across the street to the 24 hour internet cafe which charged $4 for 1 hour. One thing to be aware of is a new building is supposed to go up next door but construction hadn't started yet when I stayed there.	
Nov 8 2009 	Average hotel	Good price, not a excellent location, but it was fine.Rooms are really big, and clean.	
Nov 25 2009 	unexpected detour	We had an unexpected detour. Montreal was not in our plans but it happens. The staff at the desk was awusume. Especially one, Ginette, she did far more that what any one expected. The hotel is on the metro and could not be better located. Thank you Ginette.	
Nov 2 2009 	this is a good hotel	I have stayed at this hotel for 3 times and had no problems. i travel to Montreal by train/bus and it is close to both sttion.The staff is very helpful.The hotel is old and decor is old but when you pay peanuts for a good location why do you compalin.I never saw bed bugs or experienced bad service from the staff.I would say you get a suite, most people never experience a suite hotel for the price lower your standards this aint the top of the line hotel have fun	
	Excellent service newly renovated hotel.	We stayed one night in this wonderful and warm hotel and recommend it highly. Our suite was fully equipped with a kitchenette, comfortable bed, and brand-new bathroom. The friendly and helpful owner was in the process of installing new LCD HD tvs in all the rooms and we had the pleasure of enjoying this new feature. The hotel was well located for our purposes, and we enjoyed breakfast in a charming cafe on the corner (Cafe Imagination). The suite was at the back and very quiet. Parking was conveniently provided, although we worried about the safety of the car based on its back-alley location. Overall we would stay at the Parc Suites again!	
	Finest Hotel in Canada	To the business traveller looking for a trendy, chic, amazing experience in hotels, the W Montreal is the finest to be found. You are treated with professionalism and cordiality from the minute you walk in the lobby. The rooms are spacious with monstrous bathrooms and copious amenities. The Concierge always strives for perfection no matter what you need. The small boite of a bar off the lobby is the perfect place to unwind in the capable bartending hands of Paul. Everyone remembers your name and makes you feel welcome. Bryan (one of the managers) is exacting and ensures every visit is perfection. The only drawback is the lackluster restaurant (not owned by the hotel). I choose the W Montreal as one of my favorite hotels in the world.	
Jul 29 2009 	Francoise Allaire Goalies Hotel of Choice	Yes its close and its really the nicest amenities for a hotel so close to the rink. We have been going to the hockey camp for about seven years now and always come the first week of the camp. Every year we see the same families of goalies staying at the hotel Le Rivage and as goalies sign onto minor leagues, you just seem to stay in touch with them. The hotel becomes a gathering place after ice. When you get here its like a big family which is great once you get toknow people year after year, some days you sleep late cause another family will take your goalie with them early in the morning, some days you bring their kids back from the rink with you back to he hotel after ice. The Ialian restaurant across the street, Pizzadelic is awesome and we make sure we go at least once every year. The breakfast at the hotel is decent, an assortment of fresh baked muffins, although unmarked, not a problem unless you are allergic to chocolate like I am, cereal, bagels, raisin bread, cofee, tea, milk and orange juice.The rooms are decorated with quality furnishings, some rooms are more expensive and upscale and offer some strange amenities like a jacuzzi/shower with an exposed view behind a big glass wall. You can flip the wooden blinds on the outside of the glas from the inside of the room to accomodate your fancy of chosing at the moment whatever it may be I guess.Other fancy rooms have a bath tub out on the floor in the middle of the room and some even have a toilet placed in the middle of the room, I dont know if I would want to ave time of it on te toilet if you know what I mean, while someone is laying in the bed watching or worse be th one laying in the bed smeling the person on the toilet! What ever happened to Feng Shui?Since I have been here for seven consecutive years, really it is the most convenient but the place sort of lacks in common sense in many ways. We decided this year to avoid having the maids clean the room since the do not disturb sign goes un noticed. I had my do not disturb sign up and the maid decided to lay her tablet and walkie talkie on the table outside my door. When the front desk was loking for her down the hall, she let the walking talkie ring with volume so loud that I thought I was waking to a fire alarm. When I opened the door to see what it was I answered it and asked that they tell her not to leave a lujd wakie talkie next to a room that has a do not disturb sign hangin on the door, which just so happened to be across from the door that said &quot;please respect the silence of the other guests&quot; they said they would take care of it. An hour after I drifted off again, I started to hear a loud conversation between two maids, both at opposite ends of the hall and one of them being just outside my door. I got up out of bed to have a word with the maid but by the time I got to the door she vanished, I got back to bed only to hear that walkie talkie blasting again! I had to call the desk and tell them I had just drove for two days and needed my sleep. Late that evening I had a friend call the hotel and ask for my rom number and the desk person told them, &quot;could you hold on for just one moment please, I'll be right with you&quot; In French! He does not speak French so he heard dead silence and thought he was hung up on so he called back and the same thing occured until my friend sent me an email and thought the desk person kept hanging up on him. I had to cal te desk and let them know he did not speak French. I mean really, if we were local we wouldnt need a hotel, we are tourists and we dont speak French.One day the maid decided to wipe down the alarm clock and turned it on, apparently it was preset at 5:30 for someone. As luck would have it, it just happened to be the day AFTER the camp was over when we decided to stay an extra day and sleep late one day before we left town. All week long we were getting up at 6am for the camp so we actually ot up earlier by paying for an extra day. When I talked with management they offered nothing.A few times our reservation was missing, a few times they tried to give us a smoking room when we requested a non smoking room but made up for it with a nicer room and a cheaper than usual rate but more than what we booked for. The parking lot is hard to get in and out of, they finally got internet in the rooms, it used to be only in the lobby but they block so many web sites that some goalies reported hat they couldnt even play some of their games on sites they frequent. Many of the electrical socktes in the lobby and in the hotel rooms dont work, others have access that is covered with large heavy furniture. The laundry room is stacked p and practically has a line for under gear to be washed; best remedy is to was it and lt it dry from the hot summer night in the rental car windows cracked over night and they dry fine by morning or if you make friends with someone staying in the dorm across he lot from the rink, they are cheaper and much larger units. Sure there are glitches but the convenience is worth it to deal with it all that isnt.	
	Fantastic Old Port	We stayed at the Auberge for 3 nights in November. It was a great experience from start to finish. Breakfast was included in the room rate and was sufficient enough to get us started for the day.We were in a room on the 5th floor, the room was great. The only comments are that the in room &quot;jacuzzi&quot; was not much more than a small bath (but the shower is fine!).It was a great base for our stay in Montreal. The Old Port can be a bit touristy, but it's easy enough to find good restaurants for dinner.	
Nov 3 2009 	Fantastic!!!	We enjoyed this hotel so much, I included it in my Blog encouraging readders to try it out;Great value plus plus. We had a family get together.	
Aug 3 2008 	great location interesting layout but overcharged $50 for key i returned	the whole complex feels like it is dying. very few customers, dont know when the hotel has a front desk person. had to get everything from bartender who didnt know much about what was included in room (telephone internet etc..) found it to be much too expensive and they put a $50 room key deposit on my credit card and didnt take it off when I checked out. so now ive been trying to get ahold of someone for two days now to fix the problem and it seems the bartender is the only one who answers the phone and of course cant do anything about it. i would stay there again if it was $45 a night or less.	
Jul 14 2009	Hotel Villa - experience downtown Montreal	While staying here for the Montreal Jazz festival, I found this hotel, which is quite in the middle of the festival, to be very clean and our room was quiet despite many music events happening outside in the streets and being located next door to a popular event venue, The Metropolis. It was literally steps to the festival and the concert next door that I was there to attend. Winnie, the new &amp; current owner, pays attention to the needs and requests of the guests and all staff keep a keen eye out for the safety and comfort those staying in the hotel. The hotel has a security entrance which only allows for guests to be allowed entry to the hotel and there are cameras on each floor to further monitor the safety of the patrons. Our room, recently remodelled, had 2 double beds, mini fridge, tv, a/c and a bathroom you could put a queen size bed in! Very good for a couple of girls!! There are options to get rooms which share a common bathroom, and having viewed the common bathroom, would see this as a great option of lowering the cost of your stay. The housekeeping staff provide excellent care to the rooms and are very friendly. This is a perfect, affordable hotel to stay in if you wish to be in the heart of Montreal and close to a wide variety of entertaining and cultural things to do. Winnie's welcome of us each time returning to the hotel, after wandering about the streets, made it feel like we had come home. Thanks!	
Oct 20 2009 	YIKES!	Although the staff was very friendly, we would never return to this hotel, nor recommend it to anyone. It smelt of stale cigarette smoke, and although we were told that our room was non-smoking, we had an ashtray in the room. The beds had non fitting sheets, just multiple layers of blankets, kinda perplexing. The box spring was also covered in a plastic that looked it was just quickly taped up...kinda looked suspicious. We had no alarm clock in the room, it was dark and kinda spooky, with very dirty walls and ceilings that looked like they were about to crumble on you. We slept every night with the lights on, the chandelier in our room reminded us of a haunted movie, not all the lights worked, some were half dimmed. The view from our window was of a stairwell, with garbage bags. Good thing our window didnt open!!!The area was though perfect for us. As we were walking distance to Rue St Catherine, which is where we spent most of our holiday! Thank goodness for that, as I am not sure that we would of stayed there the 3 nights.	
Sep 18 2009 	Not so far off the beaten path	My husband &amp; I stayed at Ruby Foo's while visiting relatives in Montreal. It is off a major highway, not located downtown or in Old Montreal, but it is a very short walk to a metro stop. We were in one of the renovated rooms and found it roomy and very comfortable. My husband, who lived in Montreal until very recently, was very impressed with Ruby Foo's. One could pay much more for a similar hotel room nearer to the tourist attractions. If you're not timid about using the metro, Ruby Foo's can provide very comfortable accommodations at a very good price.	
Nov 3 2009 	Wonderful space and great location	This was our first visit to Montreal and we chose Le Saint Sulpice based on the glowing tripadvisor reviews. We were not disappointed! Our room was actually a small apartment--separate bedroom, living room w/electric fireplace, kitchenette, balcony overlooking the outdoor dining area and gardens and a large, extremely well appointed bath. Grohe fixtures, a beautiful molded glass vanity, large tub and an enormous shower. There was plenty of closet and drawer space, the furnishings were very nice and the queen bed was comfortable with high quality linens. As a coffee addict, I especially appreciated a large, 12 cup coffee maker supplied with a more than acceptable blend--no tiny pot dribbling out foul brown water like most hotels. The location of the hotel is superb--right next to Notre Dame, an easy walk to the Metro and in the heart of Old Montreal. My only quibbles: some of the walls were scarred in places and in need of repair and paint and the carpet was stained and frayed in spots. As a previous reviewer noted, pets are allowed in some of the rooms and I suspect the carpet issues can be attributed to that. All in all--a very pleasant experience in a wonderfully unique city.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good value for money located 30min from downtown.	My overall experience was good. I booked my room on booking.com on the same day and got a king room. However, when I got to the hotel I was told that the booking site is a little off with their updates as the king size rooms in this hotel have all been booked already 2 weeks before! I was given a double room though, and I received a $3 discount for each night for the inconvinience (I ended up paying $79 a night without taxes).I was happy with my room. I had also stayed at the Maritime Plaza Hotel in Montreal, and the room that I now got was almost like an identical copy of my room in there. One of the few differences is that in this one there were no lamps on the nightstand / beside the beds - there was only two lamps in the room altogether. Also in this room there was a fridge and they served modest breakfast downstairs. The beds were good sized and comfortable. The room &amp; bathroom were kept very clean. My room was on the side of the highway but the noise didn't really bother me even though I'm a light sleeper. (In fact, the people next doors who had their TV on pretty loud bothered me more than the traffic...)I also liked the fact that they have free wi-fi in the lobby and a washing machine + dryer. The distance to the Plamondon subway station is 8 minutes by walking, and at the other end of the station there is a small mall with a supermarket, Subway, Second Cup etc. The subway takes you to downtown in 10-15 minutes (depending where you get off), so the trip from the hotel to there takes about 30min with waiting times.All in all, I much prefer this hotel to the Maritime Plaza... I rather take the subway every day than pay 50% more each day just for the central location!... And after having said all that I want to comment on one last thing that wasn't so nice though: while I was using my laptop in the lobby, I was harassed by a begger who was let inside (I'm sure the person at the reception noticed him but chose to ignore it...). The begger would go around with a cup in his hands (you see quite a lot of them in Montreal actually, but in the hotel lobby and cafeteria too?!!!). On top of all, the begger didn't go away when I told him I don't have money, but he continued to question me about how much I would want for my computer!! When I said that I'm not selling it, he said: &quot;BUT I WILL PAY YOU...&quot; Hotel management, please do something about this, you can't let this happen repeatedly (yes, I did see him there on another day as well, without anybody interfering...)!	
Sep 8 2009 	Feels more like a motel!	I stayed in this hotel over Labor Day weekend with some friends. Right away, the lady at the check-in counter was very rude! The first room we got reeked of a foul odor, we had to change our room. The new room was clean, but the furniture looked like it was from the 80's (and it felt like it too!). The beds were very uncomfortable. They even forgot to clean my room one of the days! The only good thing about the hotel is the location! I booked this hotel from HOTWIRE. They sold it to me as a 3-star hotel, which it definately was not! They charged me over $100 per night. Overall, this hotel is at best, just okay. But definately feels more like a motel!	
Aug 18 2009 	just fine	Casa Bella was a ok. Nothing fancy, but the room was spacious comparing to how we usually travel. Bed was ok; clean, flat pillows but had two per person, ac in room a big plus. Breakfast was brought to room on request and towels changed daily. Parking was free and staff were nice. No complains.	
Nov 16 2009 	Good Business Hotel	The hotel is located very close to Atwater Metro station and is nicely located very close to Montreal Downtown. This is a pure business hotel with decent breakfast and good rooms to stay. The building is very old. However the rooms are well maintained and there is a pool and GYM at the top floor of the building. There are no restaurants inside the hotel but a 5 minute walk from the hotel gives u lots of options to eat out. A very nice and good Value for Money hotel for business travellers.	
Nov 2 2009 	Horrible Service!!!	It took us forever to find the hotel itself, since it is on a very small side street. Many taxi cab drivers didn't even know where it was. At first we loved the hotel, we had a lovely welcomed and were up graded for free. We spent over $900 in this hotel for four nights. You are charged extra for house keeping, look at your bill carefully. But house keeping never came. We left the hotel room in a reasonable conition; a couple of beer bottels, un-made beds, full trash bins since they were never emptied. After leaving we were charged an ADDITIONAL $350 for house keeping. BEWARE all they want is your money and will find ANYTHING to charge you extra. When calling the hotel to inquire about the extra charge I was told 'I do not have time to listen to your complaint' and was hung up on, THREE times!!! I have finally found out that they charged me to wash linens. At first glance, you will think you are getting an awsome deal, but unless your cleaning the room yourself, you really arent.	
Oct 22 2009 	Perfectly Fine in Every Way	We were very happy with our one night (weekend) stay. The purpose of our trip was to take teenaged daughters and their friends to the Biodome and go shopping etc. We availed ourselves of the P'tite Folie package, i.e. one room for $132 and a second at $39 -- hard to beat those rates!! Also the underground parking was only $16.50 which is decent for a large city. All in all, it was perfect for our purposes. It was well located in relation to the restaurants on St. Denis; the rooms were clean and comfortable (although not luxurious and the bathrooms not spacious but this didn't matter to us). Travellers from abroad mightn't have been happy with our view, but we weren't there for that either. The pool and exercise facilities were nice and we did use them (no hot tub, but a sauna). The check in and out were smooth with no waiting, although we observed that the line-ups ebbed and flowed. We had minimal interaction with the staff and didn't eat there, so we can't comment on these aspects. We didn't find the area particularly seedy, nor did we have trouble with pan-handlers outside or bedbugs inside. It was good, basic accommodation for a weekend trip and we'd definitely consider staying there again.	
Nov 9 2009 	Good enough	Stayed here while at a conference at McGill. The hotel is simply good enough, it's better than the equivalent halls at Imperial in London, and not as good as the Seoul Plaza in Korea: but then one is a five star hotel and the other's a British university halls, so what would you expect.The room was acceptably warm (Montreal in June was miserable), the bed was comfortable, the breakfast was good but simple (not fancily chopped melon bites and a hundred types of eggs). The staff had a studenty vibe: but then I quite like students.The metro is about 10 minutes walk at Place-Des-Art, and below the hotel is one of Montreal's mass of underground passageways and malls. Apparently you can navigate a lot of downtown Montreal underground.The hotel is a couple of hundred metres from the southern edge of Mont Royale, never did find a way onto the park, maybe next time.	
	Small Gem in a Big City	This was our second visit to the Hotel XIXe Sicle. It is located in Montreal's old town just a few blocks up from the port and a block or so away from the tourist shops that abound in that area. There is free on-street overnight parking on the weekends, meters during the day, valet parking is also available. The lobby of the hotel has held different interesting art exhibits both times we have been there. The staff was accommodating, quick to help with restaurant suggestions or directions. We have had some lovely meals at restaurants that they recommended. The rooms are spacious and appear even larger because of the 14' ceilings. The furniture is very european and well kept up. Nice art on the walls. Our bathroom provided everything we needed, including a nice shower and good lighting. The lighting in the room was also good. Our package included breakfast - the dining room was nice and bright, the food was a typical hotel breakfast buffet - cereal, toast, bagels, fruit, yogurt and coffee.The location of the hotel is great; close to the sights in the old town and not a bad walk to downtown Montreal shopping. There are also buses that run close by. We would highly recommend this hotel for a romantic weekend getaway or an extended stay.	
Oct 20 2009 	YIKES!	Although the staff was very friendly, we would never return to this hotel, nor recommend it to anyone. It smelt of stale cigarette smoke, and although we were told that our room was non-smoking, we had an ashtray in the room. The beds had non fitting sheets, just multiple layers of blankets, kinda perplexing. The box spring was also covered in a plastic that looked it was just quickly taped up...kinda looked suspicious. We had no alarm clock in the room, it was dark and kinda spooky, with very dirty walls and ceilings that looked like they were about to crumble on you. We slept every night with the lights on, the chandelier in our room reminded us of a haunted movie, not all the lights worked, some were half dimmed. The view from our window was of a stairwell, with garbage bags. Good thing our window didnt open!!!The area was though perfect for us. As we were walking distance to Rue St Catherine, which is where we spent most of our holiday! Thank goodness for that, as I am not sure that we would of stayed there the 3 nights.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great Airport Hotel	THis is a very trendy hotel located within the international departures of the Montreal Airport. CHeck in was wonderful and fast. The rooms were large and airy and the beds were absolutely divine. We were just staying for 7 hrs on a stop over to florida. I would highly recommend this to anyone needed to have a stop over in montreal or needing to catch an early morning flight.Cons: pay wireless internet.	
Nov 21 2009 	Outstanding service!!	We stayed at the Auberge Bonaparte for 2 nights. I have never had more thorough and efficient service. The desk clerk mapped out our travels for us, told us how to take public transit, even sold us the bus tickets. I left my phone charger in the room when we checked out. I didn't bother to call them, just gave it up for lost. It showed up in the mail about a month after we got home! What a great surprise. Great location and lovely rooms, great breakfasts!	
Sep 10 2009 	beautiful stay	My husband and I stayed one night. The room was clean and beautful. I loved the white linen bed.The bed was very comfortable. As for the bathroom, it was very clean and had everything we needed. Everyone was kind, polite and helpful. I will go back when I want to stay in Montreal.	
Nov 23 2009 	We loved it!	After reading the reviews, I had high expectations for the hotel and it lived up to them and more. My kids (4 and 7) upon arrival were immediately charmed by the bellhop guys who high-fived my youngest and talked hockey with my oldest. Really nice to take time like that for little guys. The room was huge and really comfy. A bit too much so, since my husband and I had a hard time getting them outside to see the city. They wanted to go swimming and watch the flat screen tv instead. The pool was really nice for them, and a great vista. However, it's much more of a lap pool. The parking was also convenient. There is a lot right next door and I think it is a bit cheaper. However, it's an outdoor lot and I'm fairly sure there rate of 10 CAD was not for 24 hours like the hotel. Overall, I thought the valet parking charge of 20 CAD was worth it. Overall, the only complaint I heard from our ranks was my husband who claimed the mattress was hard. I however, loved it since I like firmer mattresses. Also, map quest the hotel before you set out for it. The directions included on their website are really, really poor. Luckily we had our iphones and a basic understanding of the Montreal streets or we would have been horribly lost. Anyways, I highly recommend the hotel and can't wait to go back. Super friendly staff!	
Nov 25 2009 	unexpected detour	We had an unexpected detour. Montreal was not in our plans but it happens. The staff at the desk was awusume. Especially one, Ginette, she did far more that what any one expected. The hotel is on the metro and could not be better located. Thank you Ginette.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great value--perfect location--clean--free parking--what more can you ask for?	I highly recommend this hotel. I was a little skeptical after reading some of the other reviews, but the hotel was a great surprise. The room was a pretty good size, clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful, especially Roger, the manager. No problem at all with the parking lot-it opens right to the street-disregard any concerns about safety . Free cont. breakfast delivered right on time to your room. Easy walk to old Montreal and the restaurants and pubs on St. Katherine and St. Denis streets. Great BYO restaurants on Prince Arthur St and Duluth St. Quick walk to the metro and the shops on St. Catherine St. Try the farmers market in Little Italy (by metro). If you are not a 4 star hotel type, you'll be perfectly happy.	
Dec 31 2008	Preferred the Fairfield Suites	We stayed one night at the Residence Inn after arriving on a flight from out of town. We called for the shuttle which arrived within about 15 minutes. The hotel was about a 10-15 minute drive. It was not real easy to find if you were driving yourself. Check in was fine and the room was fine. We had a family of 4 staying and found the suite to be a little crowded but still nice. The breakfast in the morning was the typical free breakfast with a few hot items. On our way back home we were to stay there one more night but opted for the Fairfield Suites instead. We thought it was an upgrade from the Residence Inn plus it was closer to the airport. The staff at the Fairfield was extremely helpful. The downside to the Fairfield was you paid for parking if you had a car, you occasionally heard a plane since you were so close, it was not easy to find the turn in as others have stated and you can not walk to any restaurant or shopping. But, given those issues, my family still preferred the Fairfield and I preferred the lower price and the great help and advice at the Fairfield. I would recommend either for a stay as both were fine.	
	Great hotel; Phenomenal staff	Good accommodations in an excellent location for a reasonable price. Comfortable, spacious rooms were exactly the home base we needed to explore the city and nightlife. Breakfast included from the Bistro was a nice plus. When our car got broken into (recommend paying a little extra to park in the hotel's garage instead of street parking) the hotel staff could not have been more helpful. Paul came to the rescue of these three American travelers and helped us deal with the difficult situation from every angle -- always exceedingly gracious. Recommend Hotel De Paris to any travelers visiting Montreal. We'll definitely stay here the next time we visit!	
Apr 10 2009 	Stole my house keys	This hotel now has my house keys and refuses to return them to me. I phoned numerous times and spoke to the Manager Jay Raaz and he told me he would send them and still no keys. I have no idea why they have an interest in keeping my house keys but DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Nov 16 2009 	good value 	we stayed in 2 rooms for 2 nights on a weekend in november 2009.the restaurant was very good - excellent buffet for breakfast with everything you can imagine, inlcuding a hot omeltte bar. kids eat free if an adult eats as well. the service was decent, but nothing out of the ordinary.the halls and elevators are a little tired, but the rooms are great, nicely decorated, spacious, huge bathroom. the lobby is unuusal, very pretty, with coi fish swimming around.the pool area was nice, nothing fancy, but useful.on sunday morning it was closed for a while.when it re-opened, we went swimming ... my son cut his foot quite badly on BROKEN GLASS. when i reported this to the front desk, they expressed surprise, said they would send someone to look into it, but didnt offer to compensate us in any way.the spa is a bit outdated, but i had a great massage and it was very affordable - $53 for 45 minutes.the halls were pretty noisy at night. if you are a light sleeper, this might be trouble.	
Sep 18 2009 	Not so far off the beaten path	My husband &amp; I stayed at Ruby Foo's while visiting relatives in Montreal. It is off a major highway, not located downtown or in Old Montreal, but it is a very short walk to a metro stop. We were in one of the renovated rooms and found it roomy and very comfortable. My husband, who lived in Montreal until very recently, was very impressed with Ruby Foo's. One could pay much more for a similar hotel room nearer to the tourist attractions. If you're not timid about using the metro, Ruby Foo's can provide very comfortable accommodations at a very good price.	
	This was a beautiful hotel with impeccable service.	I have stayed in many five star hotels, but none with service as good as at the Hotel Le St. James. From the doormen, to the front desk clerk (and the absolutely beautiful room keys - not plastic cards) and to the restaurant servers - nothing was lacking. I felt as though I was their most important guest. Very different from the next night when I stayed at the Chateau Laurier in Ottawa, though I usually am a fan of Fairmonts. I stayed in a junior suite which was very large and had very, very good amenities. Every detail was very well done. No scrapes on the walls or dust on the furniture. The bathroom was spacious with a separate and immaculately clean tub and very nice shower. I am a sound sensitive person and did not hear a peep from outside the room, though I was close to an elevator.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 9 2009 	Cheap but definitely NOT cheerful!	I very recently stayed at this hotel with my partner and another couple. We checked into the hotel after booking it online that day as it fit our requirement for somewhere cheap and in a good location. It was located on Rue St Denis in the Latin Quarter and was a 10-15min walk to great bars, restaurants and shops on Rue St Laurent and in the area of Plateau Mont-Royal. As the rooms were only $55/night we did not have expectations of grandeur, just small, basic, clean rooms which we could stay in for 2 nights whilst we explored the city.Despite the fact the owner seems to be the only person working there and doing everything himself he doesn't have much clue as to what is going on. He kept asking us to pay in cash (even though he had the facility there to pay by card) and then insisted that we had to pay together (though he was unable to provide us with any logic for this). We had to wait an hour or so as one of the rooms was not yet ready...and then when my partner and I were able to move into it, found that there was still toilet paper on the floor, old soap in the shower and hair everywhere, not to mention the inch of dust that covered EVERYTHING! Obviously it had not been cleaned so I asked for it to be done...there was no apology or explanation he just said he would do it. When he had finished the only difference seemed to be that he had thrown out the soap and toilet paper, the shower had still not been wiped out or the floor cleaned. By this stage we were running late for our dinner reservation so took the attitude that it was only for 2 nights, it was cheap and we could get by.It was only when we returned from dinner we noticed that our room was freezing because unlike our friends room next door, the skirting heating had been removed and so we had to use the reverse cycle air conditioning unit which was noisy and virtually useless. There was also an unexplainable rattling noise that continued all night and morning (even once the unit was turned off) which made it impossible for us to sleep. Once we returned from our day of sightseeing we asked if we could move to another room as we were not able to sleep with the noise that was still continuing in our room. The owner then started to get very upset saying that he was doing everything to accommodate us and we were being very difficult (apparently because we wanted to sleep in a room that had been cleaned or at the very least did not show evidence of the previous guests stay) but in the end agreed to let us stay in his 'best' room as he just wanted us to be happy. The room reeked of cigarette but we reasoned that it was only for one more night and we wouldn't be spending much time there as we were about to head out for the evening and would then be departing in the morning. If only I had taken more time to look around before accepting the keys because it was only once I had moved our stuff in and turned the lights on that I saw how bad it was. Again, I could have put up with the layer of dust everywhere, the threadbare towels, the dirty glasses, the string rigged to hold the shower head in place and possibly even the fact I could see that juice had been emptied into the sink and never rinsed out, but what really made me feel ill was the piles of cigarette ash everywhere (next to the bed, beside the sitting chair, on the coffee table) and the old, half eaten bread that was still sitting on the table!!! REVOLTING!!!By this stage we realised there was little point in complaining as if this was the best room he had to offer we could not hold out hope of being moved to a cleaner room and it was too late to find somewhere else so we spent as little time as possible in the room, being careful not to let our stuff touch anything (especially the floor) and having a quick wash with water and towel (no way were we going to risk having a shower when there was still shower gel on the walls and hair and muck all over the floor).Clearly the owner is just changing the sheets after each guests stay (at least I hope he is but I really couldn't be certain) and not bothering to clean the bathrooms or room, dust, vacuum or mop. My friends and I have all travelled extensively around the world and stayed in all types of accommodation with various quirks etc but at the very least there has always been a basic standard of cleanliness which most certainly did not exist here - we all agreed that this has been the worst place any of us have ever stayed in.Do not believe the website, the photographer was a genius who deserves a prize for making the place look as good as it did...I have only complained about the rooms we were given, believe me I could have written at least another 1000 words on the reception area, staircase etc etc as well as the fact we had confirmation that we were to be given free parking but weren't?!Avoid at all costs!	
Oct 29 2009 	Impressed	I stayed at this hostel for 2 weeks in a dorm with 3 bunk beds. I found that it was very comfortable. The room had a bar fridge and little desk lamps hooked up to each bed. The bathroom had a shower/tub and a heater. The towel rack and the toilet paper holder was broken but the bathroom is cleaned everyday. There is only one dresser for a room that sleeps 6 people but there is a clothing rack. Staying for 2 weeks I had many roomies as they only stayed a couple days or overnight so I found that people just lived out of their suitcases. Staying in the basement is kinda noisy because it's right next to a bus station so you can hear the buses going by pretty clearly. Extra towels are provided at an extra cost but soap and toilet paper are replenished daily/as needed for free. Free breakfast is provided everyday (breakfast= muffins, croissants, toast, tea/coffee). 25 % off anything from the bar. The staff are really friendly and are willing to help you with anything. They have a good knowledge of the area. There are several Metro stations around which makes it so much easier to get around quickly rather than walking everywhere. Free Wi-Fi is always a plus. I would definitely come back here again.	
Nov 24 2009 	great place to stay very clean very safe.	everything a+ ,clean,safe, friendly, good service, close to bus depot and main subway station. laundry closeby, good resturants minutes away.	
	Blood on pillows	The worst stay we have ever had. there was blood BLOOD on the pillows, once we showed the manager he said there was nothing he could do, and then was rude to our entire party. housekeeping cleaned our room once during a 3 night stay and asked for a tip the day they cleaned it, never cleaned it again - i guess $10 wasn't good enough. there is security running around with their friends during the nights and treating guests like intruders. security also tried accuse us of stealing a laptop that they later found - &quot;they misplaced it&quot; but did threaten to beat us up with their frinds prior to finding it. don't ever stay here this hotel is not clean the staff are rude and the rooms are not worth the rates, valet is a joke, the only good thing about the trip was leaving this hotel for good.	
Nov 22 2009 	Excellent hotel spoiled by pointless hidden costs!	My experience at the Intercontinental was somewhat polarized. On the one hand, both the hotel and the service were excellent: comfortable rooms, well-decorated, clean and with good facilities, great location (close to downtown, the Metro and the old city) helpful staff  especially Gerry the concierge, who had a wealth of knowledge and always had time to share it, his help definitely added a lot to our Montreal experience. All of this definitely deserved the high ratings and reviews.On the other hand, the hotel's policies really hampered our stay, with the nickel and diming: Internet, $15 a day (or $8 for 2 hours, there are Internet shops that make all their money from Internet services that charge less than that); Early check-in (if available), $25; Late check-out (even just a half-hour), another $25; Breakfast starts at $20 for juice, coffee and two pastries; Room service, additional fee, etc etc. It really felt like every request we had incurred an extra fee, which is absolutely not what a top-class hotel should feel like. I mean, if you were spending one night for a meeting in Montreal and your flights meant that you had to check in before 4pm and leave after noon, that's $50 extra right there, just for absolutely standard services that every other hotel (even the Holiday Inn Express brand in the same chain) is happy to offer for free! If a room is not ready for early check-in, that's perfectly understandable; but how is it fair to say your room is ready but if you don't wait around until 4pm, you have to pay extra? This isn't some kind of pay-by-the-hour flophouse!If you get a good deal on the price, I would recommend the Intercontinental. I feel kind of bad about being so negative because none of the staff provided any bad service, nor were the facilities below standard. I just feel that in a 4 or 5-star hotel, you expect to be encouraged to approach the staff, to make any requests that you need, and that the establishment should try to accommodate these out of goodwill to enhance your stay as a valued guest. By the end of my stay, I felt like it wasn't even worth asking for anything because I'd just have to pony up, or feel embarrassed to decline because of the fees. If you stay here, you will not be disappointed by the staff or the hotel  just expect to add an extra 20% or so to your quoted rate, so you don't feel disappointed by that part either.	
Oct 29 2009 	Impressed	I stayed at this hostel for 2 weeks in a dorm with 3 bunk beds. I found that it was very comfortable. The room had a bar fridge and little desk lamps hooked up to each bed. The bathroom had a shower/tub and a heater. The towel rack and the toilet paper holder was broken but the bathroom is cleaned everyday. There is only one dresser for a room that sleeps 6 people but there is a clothing rack. Staying for 2 weeks I had many roomies as they only stayed a couple days or overnight so I found that people just lived out of their suitcases. Staying in the basement is kinda noisy because it's right next to a bus station so you can hear the buses going by pretty clearly. Extra towels are provided at an extra cost but soap and toilet paper are replenished daily/as needed for free. Free breakfast is provided everyday (breakfast= muffins, croissants, toast, tea/coffee). 25 % off anything from the bar. The staff are really friendly and are willing to help you with anything. They have a good knowledge of the area. There are several Metro stations around which makes it so much easier to get around quickly rather than walking everywhere. Free Wi-Fi is always a plus. I would definitely come back here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Econo Lodge Is A Disgusting Hotel!	If you're going to book this hotel, ALWAYS book it through CHOICEHOTELS.COM , NOT directly through the hotel, you have a better chance of getting your money back in case you change your mind, which you will once you actually see it. We originally booked for 4 nights and wound up staying only 1 night because it was so disgusting. The hotel was located in a sketchy area. The manager Gianni, and the hotel staff were rude, made up arbitrary rules (we were told to pay a $100 deposit, another woman was told to pay a $50 cash deposit and when she asked for a receipt, the staff member wrote it down on a random piece of paper) and provided horrible service. The room was disgusting (check out the photos). This hotel is not a hotel, it is more like a HOSTEL. The bathtub was filthy when we arrived. Then when we wanted to check out the manager Gianni, who pretended he was someone else when we called down to complain, told us that we couldn't get our money back because we had to cancel 48 hours in advance. Then when we asked to see his cancellation policy for patrons who cancel after 48 hours, he said that he didn't have one written down! Needless to say we argued and got the money back for the 3 nights we cancelled. This place is absolute filth! If you don't believe me, read some of the other reviews about this hotel. DISGUSTING!But on another note, instead of complaining and offering no alternative, here's a great place you can stay. If you're looking for a fantastic place in Montreal with a fantastic price and location you should go the Le 1 Rene Levesque. Great service, great rates (especially if you're a AAA or CAA member), nice room, housekeeping, internet access and computers, laundry room, kitchen, microwave and sink in your suite. You name it, it was excellent. Check it out at: http://le1renelevesque.com/index.php?lang=en	
Sep 18 2009 	Good location friendly staff.	During my stay my room , which was cosy, was cleaned everyday, unless I asked them not to. We were offered a free continental breakfast on the weekend and the staff was very warm and made sure we were comfortable. The location was fantastic, we were walking distance for shopping and transportation was never hard to find when we needed it. Although it was a 2 star hotel, our service was better than a 4 star hotel. We had free internet and a mini fridge in our room. The 5 star hotels I have stayed in before alwalys have a fee for access of both these items. I would definately recommend this hotel for anyone staying in downtown Montreal!!	
Oct 20 2009 	Horrific Experience	Please don't waste your time! This hotel is grimy, outdated and I have never witnessed worse customer service anywhere else!  When my friends and I arrived at the hotel, we were &quot;greeted&quot; by an irritated old man behind the desk who, after giving us a round of dirty looks, refused to honor our reservation because the price we booked on Booking.com was &quot;too low&quot;. He told us we had to pay a higher price or get out. Obviously we chose to go somewhere else rather than we treated with such blatant contempt. We ended up down the street at Auberge Montreal which was much cleaner and the customer service was great. Even though we ended up at a much better hotel, the experience left my friends and I with a really bad impression so try and avoid this place at all cost! Not only was the customer service horrific, but it is illegal for hotels to try and raise the price that was already booked online.	
	Best Embassy Suite Ever	This is a well-designed modern hotel in a wonderful walking location, adjacent to old Montreal and Chinatown. Our suite was very spacious with a fireplace, large jacuzzi tub, extremely comfortable mattress, living room, kitchen, two-flat screen televisions and a hook up for an mp3 player. Service was excellent. Will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 11 2007 	Nasty do not stay here under any circumstances!	This is without a doubt the worst and most disgusting place I've ever stayed at. We came here when we were still students on a pretty tight budget. We wanted something close to Olympic Stadium so that we could catch a few Expos' games. Once you arrive here, the place looks nothing like it does in the pictures you find online. It's like one of those cartoons where you're looking at a really nice picture and when they pull the picture away, it's the same place but all dreary and delapidated. The whole outside of the building looked gross. The room from afar looked like a Best Western room, but things like door hinges looked like they had fallen apart and the owners decided on a quick fix rather than repairing it right. We were too naive to realize that this was one of the sketchy parts of town, but that's what it is in. The worst part was that there were tiny bugs all over the counter of the washroom. I felt so disgusted and wanted to jump into a pool of pure alcohol to disinfect myself. Do not stay here, spend a few extra bucks at a hotel chain.	
	Great price and location not so great service and cleaniness	I will start off with saying you can't beat the location for the price. The rooms were great with a kitchenette and a decent TV and fantastic view of Old Montreal. The only issues I had with the hotel were: One, there were dirty dishes still in the sink and a duster on the floor when we arrived in the room. Two the cleaning staff just walked in without knocking and then just stood there as if waiting for us to leave.Aside from the cleaning ladies that were rude, the front desk staff were friendly and helpful.I would stay there again, but check that the room has been cleaned an leave your 'do not disturb' sign on at all times if you want privacy.	
	A refuge from the awful weather	We stayed at this hotel for the same reasons a lot of other travellers do - it was conveniently located above the train station. The hotle was very moderately priced, and seemed even more of a bargain after what we paid for in New York.Our room had recently been refurbished and was lovely. The bed was spectacularly comfortable and we had the best sleep of the whole trip. Unlike others, I thought the room was definitely large enough. The view was nice. We had room service which was ok, and drinks in the lounge downstairs that were good quality, reasonably priced and accompanied by great service and snacks. It surprises me that there was no free wifi, but that it had to be paid for, whereas the 2* hotel in New York was able to provide it.The location was ok, and we were able to find some good restaurants and used the metro system with ease. I would definitely recommend.	
Jul 14 2009	Hotel Villa - experience downtown Montreal	While staying here for the Montreal Jazz festival, I found this hotel, which is quite in the middle of the festival, to be very clean and our room was quiet despite many music events happening outside in the streets and being located next door to a popular event venue, The Metropolis. It was literally steps to the festival and the concert next door that I was there to attend. Winnie, the new &amp; current owner, pays attention to the needs and requests of the guests and all staff keep a keen eye out for the safety and comfort those staying in the hotel. The hotel has a security entrance which only allows for guests to be allowed entry to the hotel and there are cameras on each floor to further monitor the safety of the patrons. Our room, recently remodelled, had 2 double beds, mini fridge, tv, a/c and a bathroom you could put a queen size bed in! Very good for a couple of girls!! There are options to get rooms which share a common bathroom, and having viewed the common bathroom, would see this as a great option of lowering the cost of your stay. The housekeeping staff provide excellent care to the rooms and are very friendly. This is a perfect, affordable hotel to stay in if you wish to be in the heart of Montreal and close to a wide variety of entertaining and cultural things to do. Winnie's welcome of us each time returning to the hotel, after wandering about the streets, made it feel like we had come home. Thanks!	
Nov 5 2009 	..perfect location	just in the heart of downtown, this small hotel is an excllent option if you don't want to spend much but still want to stay in a convenient location in downtown..the staff were friendly...an old house turned into a hotel...rooms are of good size..didn't like the breakfast service (included with room) though..my overall experience is very pleasent and would like to go back and stay in the same hotel!!	
Oct 18 2009 	I'll stay here again !	I recently stayed at L'Appartment Hotel for a long weekend with my wife and 16 year old son. I booked a 1 bedroom suite which was very spacious and comfortable,had a well equipped kitchen, free wireless internet, and flat panel TV . The hotel also offers an indoor rooftop pool which was much larger than I expected and an outdoor deck. Continental breakfast is included in the room rate. I was extremely pleased with the accommodations and will definitely stay here again.	
May 3 2009 	DISGUSTING! INFESTED WITH BUGS- HORRIBLE STAFF	I read the reviews and I thought this would be a good place to stay, but if you pay attention to the reviews, the last good one was before 2006. I know there isn't a Sam or Eddy there now. It is 3 Chinese brothers. I stayed there for a week, while I was touring the universities. The were so rude, just snooty in general, very nosy. I think they even go in your room when you aren't around. The place is infested with hookers, seriously. EVERY night, I heard guys coming in and out of rooms, loud sex. So noisy as well. Not safe, window latches broken. Fan in washroom broken. breakfast is literally bread and instant coffee.I woke up with bed bugs bites all over me, it became swollen and so itchy, and i mean all over. My boyfriend had it too. I went to 2 doctor's and they both told me it was bed bugs(Scabies). I was extremely upset. I gathered my things and was leaving, I told him I was not paying the remanding amount which was over 100, because I had to pay to see 2 doctor's ($60/each) as well as pay for a prescription. They grabbed me, my stuff, 2 guys (my bf wasn't there when I was leaving). They basically trapped me, finally I gave them half. I was so upset, crying. They yelled at me telling me It was my fault and there was no such thing as bed bugs. This isn't just the worst hotel, this family is beyond rude, no manners, disgusting people that would treat a GUEST this way. Someone that stayed over one week. They even treatened to call the cops on ME when I asked for a receipt. PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE THIS PLACE NEEDS TO bE SHUT DOWN. IT IS DISGUSTING, INFESTED WITH PROSTITUES AND INSECTS,DO NOT GO HERE THERE ARE A TON OF HOTELS, YOU WILL REGRET IT.	
	Pricy Busy and Well Located	We forgot how many times weve been to that hotel. The location is very convenient for us.This is not the most peaceful hotel; its big and busy, however very well located restaurants, bars, disco, shopping etc. Like most Sheraton Hotel the rooms have been refurbish, and are clean and cozy. The overall service and staff is decent, but not great, and this is not due to a language barrier because were fully bilingual. Some of the staff members would require a refresher course on customer relationship.Overnight interior self-serve parking is $20.00, you can park in a nearby exterior parking lot for less than $10.00. For food quality and price venture to local restaurants in the vicinity, the choice and variety is remarkable.M &amp; L D, Ottawa	
Nov 26 2009 	Basically said we were liers	Stayed here for 3 nights. They were building a new parking lot and i could hear them all hours of the night on the 14th floor. Also room was not clean second night as maid forgot to clean. Did get a discount at chek out after day manager basically called us liers. Spoke with GM manager :) Breakfast is like 10.00 or more!	
Aug 4 2009 	This place is not "prestigious" at all	We stayed at the hotel for one night on the August long weekend for a music festival Montreal was holding. It should have been our first indication that the 4 pan glass window at the reception meant that their were security issues in the building but who would have thought that anyone would have to truly worry about their safety!We left our luggage in the room while we were on Montreal island for the festival. To our surprise the next morning while attempting to pay for breakfast our money would be missing. Our bags were tampered with and our wallets were emptied. Once reporting what had happened to the Manager at &quot;Hotel Le Prestige&quot;- he was completely unhelpful and rude. I HIGHLY recommend that NO ONE stays at this hotel. The staff will violate you and your belongings and they cannot be trusted. When someone pays $120 for a room, which is locked, they do not expect to return to a staff member stealing their belongings. Please take my advice, do not stay here.	
Nov 13 2009 	Very good modern hotel	Very comfortable rooms with not just free internet, but in room PCs. Included continental breakfast was a bonus. Good location close to Old Town and a choice of metro stations just a short walk away.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very nice stay	This hotel is a 2-3 minute walk from the Place des Arts station. Downtown is a 15 minute walk or 5 minute metro ride. Old Montreal/Chinatown is also a 15 minute walk away. I arrived at this hotel around 12:30 PM and was promptly given a room on the top floor. Staff were always friendly and helpful with any questions I had. No free breakfast but lots of places to eat around hotel including a Cora's across the street. Also a Provigo is across the street so very convenient however there was no fridge or microwave in my room. No free pc to use but there is free wireless internet access. The charge for the pc was I think $3 for 20 minutes. You can go across the street to the 24 hour internet cafe which charged $4 for 1 hour. One thing to be aware of is a new building is supposed to go up next door but construction hadn't started yet when I stayed there.	
Nov 14 2009 	Was I staying at the same hotel as the others?	Traveling with spouse and friends for first time visit to Montreal. At check-in Bellman asked what papers we would like to receive .. got none Large rooms but both of them had extremely uncomfortable beds and pillows. Friends received turn down service we received nothing and are members of Loews First, they are not. Concierge sent us on wild goose chase that cost us quite a few bucks only to return to hotel neighborhood to find what we were looking for on our own. Beware of rooms on street side as weekend partying gets intense into the wee hours. Other Loews we have stayed at always professional and memorable. This one needs some help!	
Nov 19 2009 	Excellent Value and Location	My wife and I recently stayed here for a conference. My conference was at the Sheraton Centre Ville, but I was much happier to stay in the old city, as there were more restaurants and nightlife in this part of town. Montreal is such a compact city, that walking into the financial center from this hotel was only 15-20 minutes. For those planning to stay in the downtown central core/financial district, it seems to largely shut down at night. The hotel had an excellent free wine and cheese service 5-7 pm and a large breakfast buffet for free. The staff were always helpful. We had a 5th floor room, with excellent up to date furnishings and a huge bathroom/jacuzzi tub. My only complaint about the room was not enough lighting. Considering the location, freebies, and excellent style, it was a bargain.	
Sep 11 2009 	Not going back	Negatives:Bathroom: Probably the worst part - tiny, the flimsy door didn't close all the way and the toilet didn't flush on the first try- had to call management. Also extremely thin towels-paper thin so bring your own! And don't expect to use the Shampoo and Conditioner, it is very low quality. Beds: Comfortable but very thin sheets with holes and some stains. Overall room and hotel: dark and gloomy with a musty smell Kitchen turned me off from wanting to prepare any food in it- small, awkward, simple and lousy repairs done in an attempt to &quot;update&quot; itPositives: A plus was that some rooms have a living room so if you are with more than one person you have 2 rooms (TV in lving room). Fridge was helpful Parking for about $10 or $15 a dayLocation is good- actually it's the only one in the area which is why we got stuck at the Terrasse. Next to the shops, supermarkets and subway in the areaAlso:If you have to go there, get breakfast from next door at Au Pain D'ore- the bread, pastries and coffee are all great and highly recommended! Also Avoid Second Cup across the street!	
Nov 24 2009 	Warmly Modern and Lovely	Just wrapped up a 4 night/5 day stay at Hotel St Paul. Staff were really nice and very helpful. The hotel was the most modern that I've personally stayed in though it still felt warm and cozy. It's on the cusp of Old Montreal so you don't get the same obnoxious &amp; noisy tourist pedestrian traffic at night like other hotels experiences I've had in the area. The continental breakfast was the right amount of food and selection to make four days breakfast not feel the same day in and day out. Fantastic location made it easy to get quite a lot done during what felt like not a long enough trip! Close proximity to local transit, spas, shopping, across the river from the casino, bars, clubs and fabulous restaurants made doing a lot stress free and unrushed. The windows open to allow fresh air in - that's rare and I loved it!!! Adored it, will stay again and would recommend it to anyone!	
Oct 19 2009	Great hotel	This hotel is in a great location, right downtown Montreal. Rooms were clean, we were in 560, no view but who cares, my daughter and I were there for a weekend of shopping.Front staff let us check in early as our room was ready, thank-you Fernanda!!We also parked our car for 7 dollars a day just down the street at the Seminary. Thanks again front desk staff for this bit of information.One thing I need to add, I was having my coffee in the front lobby because my daughter wanted to sleep in a bit, and while there I witnessed a VERY RUDE female American guest treating the front desk staff badly. It was unnecessary, and she was clearly looking for a free breakfast. If these people have such high expectations when they travel, then stay home or go to a 500 dollar a night hotel room. The front desk staff don't need rude customers like you. Anyway, this place is great, and we will stay here again for sure.	
	Great location jungle themed rooms!	My boyfriend and I read the reviews of Hotel Kutuma on a few different sites before booking, but somehow we managed to miss the fact that it is jungle-themed! When we walked into our room (a Junior Suite) the first thing we saw was a king-sized bed decked out in zebra and leopard print bedding, and then the fake palm tree and African carvings. But after being caught off guard by the kitsch factor we warmed up to it. Our room was very comfortable and clean. The location was good for walking to many different neighborhoods and the staff was pleasant and accommodating (they let us check out 2 hours late). I'm not giving Kutuma 5 stars, however, because the microwave and mini stovetop didn't work, and the deep, luxurious-looking bathtub took forever to fill.	
May 2 2009 	Le Breton - Not what it used to be	Many guides still refer you to what was a great small hotel in the heart of Montreal. But with the neighbourhood going downhill, note that the hotel also has had a change of management a few years ago, so check the timeline for any guide or review you see.That stretch of St-Hubert Street was never the splendid suburbs, but the National Library taking a whole long block of closed-at-night real estate, a large park squatted with drug dealers that spread to side streets, and a syringe exchange program right across the hotel, it sure didn't get better. Advantages are proximity to downtown core, the Village, the bust station and the main subway exchange station. Disadvantage among a few is that whereas old management was selective in clients and built a long term international following of repeat customers, the new one seems mostly interested in short-term cash.Depending on your room neighbours your milage may vary. But the is better at similar prices.So some folks list their bad experiences here. Any hotel could list a few. Make your own mind, I made mine: After being a regular for over a decade, I visited but did not stay after the new owners took over.	
	Exceptional!	Went to Montreal for a weekend getaway with my husband. Stayed at the Emabby Suites and was not disappointed. When we arrived we received a warm welcome and a quick check in. All staff are bilingual and will gladly speak to you either in English or French. In fact everyone we encountered in Montreal was completely bilingual and were happy to speak English. Truly the most friendliest people we have ever met. This hotel is centrally located and just a short walk to old Montreal or a go a few blocks in the other direction and you are in the heart of downtown shopping! The Hotel room was very clean and well maintained. Although the bedroom was a bit small the rest of the room was quite spacious and made up for it. We had a kitchen that was equipped with a fridge, microwave and lots of cupboard space. A large living room and huge bathroom with whirlpool tub. We never had trouble finding a parking spot in the underground spot that they will provide (for a fee) and you have in and out prvileges. The Manager's reception was held each night and oferred complimentary snacks and two complimentary drinks each night of your stay. We were also provided with a complimentary breakfast with a large spread of bacon, eggs, omlets -prepared on the spot for you, sausages, cereal, and your standard fruits and morning pastries. This hotel was well worth it.	
Nov 24 2009 	Do not stay here!	We stayed there on a free Priority Club night and it was terrible! I booked it, rather than the downtown location, because I was able to book a club floor which also has access to a lounge. We checked in only a little bit early, and since our room wasn't ready, they decided to gave us a different room - on the 17th floor (Wish I had said I'd wait for ours, and found out what the original room would have been like). There is no way it was recently renovated. It had very tired looking furniture and peeling wallpaper. This room was like a cheap university residence room-- and the bed had a very hard, old, thin, cheap mattress. Nothing was mentioned about the so-called &quot;benefits&quot; of a club floor when I checked in except that she confirmed it would be quiet because it was a club floor. It was the worst night I've ever spent in a hotel. If this floor is quiet, what are the rest like? The windows don't muffle the traffic noise./sirens. You can hear every toilet around you flushing and every door slamming when people come in for the night - I didn't sleep until 3:45 am! In the morning, I called to ask where the lounge was, and was told that there would be coffee, pastry, and fruit...we went up at about 8:30 am and there was nothing there besides a coffee machine! We bought breakfast in the restaurant on the main floor, which was the only good thing about this hotel. Believe the other reviewers when they say it's noisy - even if you are a sound sleeper, you'll regret booking it! Save yourself from a bad night - book something else! Did I get a bad room because it was a free night? I've got to wonder....	
Oct 19 2009	Great hotel	This hotel is in a great location, right downtown Montreal. Rooms were clean, we were in 560, no view but who cares, my daughter and I were there for a weekend of shopping.Front staff let us check in early as our room was ready, thank-you Fernanda!!We also parked our car for 7 dollars a day just down the street at the Seminary. Thanks again front desk staff for this bit of information.One thing I need to add, I was having my coffee in the front lobby because my daughter wanted to sleep in a bit, and while there I witnessed a VERY RUDE female American guest treating the front desk staff badly. It was unnecessary, and she was clearly looking for a free breakfast. If these people have such high expectations when they travel, then stay home or go to a 500 dollar a night hotel room. The front desk staff don't need rude customers like you. Anyway, this place is great, and we will stay here again for sure.	
May 2 2009 	Le Breton - Not what it used to be	Many guides still refer you to what was a great small hotel in the heart of Montreal. But with the neighbourhood going downhill, note that the hotel also has had a change of management a few years ago, so check the timeline for any guide or review you see.That stretch of St-Hubert Street was never the splendid suburbs, but the National Library taking a whole long block of closed-at-night real estate, a large park squatted with drug dealers that spread to side streets, and a syringe exchange program right across the hotel, it sure didn't get better. Advantages are proximity to downtown core, the Village, the bust station and the main subway exchange station. Disadvantage among a few is that whereas old management was selective in clients and built a long term international following of repeat customers, the new one seems mostly interested in short-term cash.Depending on your room neighbours your milage may vary. But the is better at similar prices.So some folks list their bad experiences here. Any hotel could list a few. Make your own mind, I made mine: After being a regular for over a decade, I visited but did not stay after the new owners took over.	
	A very enjoyable stay in a great hotel.	Ideal location, extremely friendly and helpful staff. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for someplace small and romantic, in a great location, and for a good value.	
	Better than expected	I stayed here on a Priceline rate and had good experience. First off, they put me on the 32nd floor with one of the best views of Montreal I've had. (Those of us who are Priceline regulars usually expect something on a low floor with a view of the parking lot.)Second, the bed was fantastic.Third, you are right on top of the Metro.Yes, the room was dated and the lobby seems a bit fuddy-duddy if you're under 40. But overall, I would not mind staying here again.	
Nov 24 2009 	reasonable well located accommodation	The hotel is an old building which has been updated with current fixtures, is clean and has original art throughout giving it a pleasant atmosphere. my room, which had quite a small window, faced the back of the hotel looking out over the back alley through a corridor of two brick walls - the low light level made it a bit dreary during the day even though it was painted bright yellow. the sleeping room was spacious, the bathroom very small and the closet contained a good-sized safe. cleanliness was very good. the hotel is well located near transport, clubs, bars &amp; restaurants on rues st. denis and st. laurent. breakfast which is included is basic continental &amp; is a little on the skimpy side. I had little interaction with staff, but they seemed courteous &amp; informative.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Airport last month while visiting my parents in Montreal for their anniversary. We arrived Friday night, my daughters immediately loved the pool and games area with its tropical atmosphere. The restaurant even had a terrace overlooking the pool area. We liked it so much that Saturday we decided to have dinner at the hotel instead of a restaurant for my parent's anniversary.The food was very good and at a decent price. The rooms were nice and clean and the staff was very friendly. I will definetely stay there again on my next visit to Montreal.	
Oct 2 2009 	Nice small hotel in good location	Stayed here for 1 night in September 2009. Had large top floor room with good size bathroom. Room facilities good. Hotel location fine for shops and restaurants. Free continental breakfast - not lots of choice, but you can upgrade to a cooked breakfast for $5. Staff helpful. Wifi fine. Parking on site and chargeable.	
Nov 2 2009 	this is a good hotel	I have stayed at this hotel for 3 times and had no problems. i travel to Montreal by train/bus and it is close to both sttion.The staff is very helpful.The hotel is old and decor is old but when you pay peanuts for a good location why do you compalin.I never saw bed bugs or experienced bad service from the staff.I would say you get a suite, most people never experience a suite hotel for the price lower your standards this aint the top of the line hotel have fun	
Sep 18 2009 	cheap but still it does not pay its price..	The carpet and closet were stinking of pee, the basin was very dirty (my guess is that previous guests had peed in the basin, dropping all around..). Only the ceiling light was working. The location is nice, but extremely noisy. They advertised the availabilty of fridge and microwave, actually the receptionists has them, but kindly allows you to use them. The price did not match those at which I had booked the room, the explanation the receptionist gave me no explanation. The advantage is that you can have a single room at a little price, now I think it would be worth it to pay a bit more for both beds in a double room of another hotel/hostel.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Airport last month while visiting my parents in Montreal for their anniversary. We arrived Friday night, my daughters immediately loved the pool and games area with its tropical atmosphere. The restaurant even had a terrace overlooking the pool area. We liked it so much that Saturday we decided to have dinner at the hotel instead of a restaurant for my parent's anniversary.The food was very good and at a decent price. The rooms were nice and clean and the staff was very friendly. I will definetely stay there again on my next visit to Montreal.	
	Great location OK hotel	Location is ideal, right in the Old Town and close to great streets of restuarants, museums and so on. The hotel is old but well kept. Out suite was small and the view was of a brick wall, but we did get a bargain deal. I'd come here again, much more character than the more modern hotels near McGill.	
Oct 20 2009 	Horrific Experience	Please don't waste your time! This hotel is grimy, outdated and I have never witnessed worse customer service anywhere else!  When my friends and I arrived at the hotel, we were &quot;greeted&quot; by an irritated old man behind the desk who, after giving us a round of dirty looks, refused to honor our reservation because the price we booked on Booking.com was &quot;too low&quot;. He told us we had to pay a higher price or get out. Obviously we chose to go somewhere else rather than we treated with such blatant contempt. We ended up down the street at Auberge Montreal which was much cleaner and the customer service was great. Even though we ended up at a much better hotel, the experience left my friends and I with a really bad impression so try and avoid this place at all cost! Not only was the customer service horrific, but it is illegal for hotels to try and raise the price that was already booked online.	
Nov 8 2009 	Average hotel	Good price, not a excellent location, but it was fine.Rooms are really big, and clean.	
Sep 2 2008 	Beware of the Bed Bugs.	I thought I lucked out getting a cheap hotel in downtown Montreal, but it was all bad luck.The room I stayed in was infested with bed bugs! I woke up scratching at over 50 bites on my back, shoulder, arm and foot. I even found a couple of the critters dead on the bed and blood spots on the sheets - my blood! I had to spend the next morning washing all my clothes and disinfecting my luggage before I could bring it home. I couldn't sleep for a week and will never stay in 'cheap hotel' again.Traveller beware.	
Nov 11 2009 	A Happy Stay	We were guests of Le Germain for the period November 6-8 and were very happy with our stay. The hotel is well located to restaurants, shops, and the museum but is on a relatively quiet side street. We love the design of the hotel - clean, edgy, and minamilist, yet still warm- and its small size. Our room (1407) was large, extremely comfortable, and well appointed. The hotel is showing its age, however, and there are certain things that need attention. The room carpet had a bleach spot in one area, baseboard and the paper cover on the drywall were missing in an inconspicuous spot beside the desk, and the toilet cubicle wood door was covered with dirt, a build up of oil and grime from hands, and other unidentified material. YUCK! Toiletries are Aveda. Towels are thick and two robes were provided. Inexplicably, the hotel uses a cheap one ply toilet paper reminiscent of the stuff one imagines was used in the former USSR. The bed is extremely comfortable but the linens were a little rough. The hotel service shines. We had free valet parking and were able to have the car retrieved within minutes. The valets appeared within seconds of us driving up to the hotel. All were extremely friendly and cordial. The front desk staff is outstanding. They are all unassuming, willing, and friendly. We were greeted warmly whenever we were in the lobby. The concierge also accommodated all of our requests for restaurant information and reservations. A small buffet breakfast with newspaper was included in our rate at the hotels restaurant Laurie Raphael. Service again was good and very efficient. The food was nothing special-eggs, bagels, bread, bacon, fruit, banana bread, juice, etc. We visited the bar in the same room on one occasion for a pre-dinner drink. Its on the small side and wines by the glass were a little pricey. Service again was willing and pleasant. The only downside was peculiar and unpleasant odour in the room that was not evident at breakfast..I note that the hotel does follow these reviews and hope that the deficiencies I noted are corrected. If they are, the hotel would be ideal.	
Sep 20 2009 	Ok for 1 night or business traveller	We stayed here for 5 nights in all. The staff were very friendly and helpful but the room was quite depressing. We didn't look forward to going back to the hotel to relax, as the room was dingy so stayed out all day! Would recommend for 1 night though.	
Nov 12 2009 	Nice Hotel Good Location but... DON'T STAY NEW YEARS EVE!!!	We've stayed at the Holiday Inn Express / Candlewood Suites Montreal several times over the last few years and found it to be a nice property with a good location and a friendly, helpful, courteous staff. But DO NOT make the mistake we did last December. On New Years Eve, HUNDREDS of college kids and high school kids checked in and ran riot throughout the hotel. They set off the fire alarm SIX TIMES starting at 1am. The hotel management did NOTHING about it. The drunken kids ran through the hallways laughing and screaming, slamming doors and stomping up and down the stairwells to visit their friends on other floors. This went on ALL NIGHT LONG. There were fights in the hallways and, the next morning, there was trash scattered throughout the hotel. Other than that, we had a nice stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	Trendy nice hotel in great area of Montreal	This hotel was trendy but had very good service. The rooms were nice, very confortable beds and bathrooms. Within walking distance to restaurants and bars. The hotel restaurant was very good.	
	A very enjoyable stay in a great hotel.	Ideal location, extremely friendly and helpful staff. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for someplace small and romantic, in a great location, and for a good value.	
Aug 23 2009 	It was like sleeping on a rock in the standard room.	The staff were all nice and pretty friendly with good English. I was staying for 3 nights on business and I tagged on 2 extra nights for leisure at the end. I wanted to have the charges go to my business credit card for the first three nights and to pay separately for the second two. I told this to them when I called to extend my stay from 3 nights to 5. Then I told them this when I checked in. Then I told them again when I asked for a room upgrade after the first night (I'll get to the reason for this in a second). After all this, I ended up with 4 nights on my corporate card and 1 night on my personal card. Was this really so complicated?More significant was how uncomfortable the beds were. I originally booked a standard room. I don't need to have anything fancy, just a comfortable place to sleep. The mattress might as well have been made of rock. I had a lot of trouble sleeping and my lower back was really sore the next morning (which made my first day of work a lot harder than it had to be). The next day I had to ask if they had anything more comfortable. I know it wasn't just me being picky since I had a friend along with me for the trip and she was just as uncomfortable as I was. We got upgraded to a deluxe room at no extra cost, but they had already booked all the deluxe rooms for the last day of our stay so we had to go back to a standard room. The deluxe room was really pretty basic. I think the beds in those rooms should be the &quot;standard&quot; ones. The standard room we got for our last night was pretty atrocious. In addition to the super uncomfortable beds, the toilet was running (though it was pretty quite), turning the air-conditioning down seemed to turn the heat on, and the sound on the tv was really fuzzy no matter what the volume was set to. On top of all that there was a constant swishing sound like we were beside their washing machines or something.The location was good for my work, but I should have moved to a hotel downtown for the rest of my stay as it wasn't terribly convenient for the leisure side of my trip. It was walking distance to a metro station, but it was a good 10 minute walk. They had a shuttle bus that would take us to the metro for free, but that doesn't help for the trip back to the hotel after a long day of sight-seeing or a night out. The metro ride itself was a good 25 minutes to get downtown, of course depending on where you're going downtown.The outdoor pool was nice. The first full day we were there the hot tub was out of service, but it was back up and running for the rest of our stay. It was good and hot. The indoor pool didn't really look very nice but I didn't personally use it so I can't say how good it is. There seemed to be a bunch of kids there who really liked it.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great value.	I stayed here while attending an academic conference. I paid less than 1/3 of the price of the conference hotels and got a single room plus continental breakfast (not included at the other hotels). Breakfast is a big muffin, coffee and juice. This is not the place to choose if you want new, fashionable, luxurious accommodations, but I found the room clean and it had everything I needed. The hotel is a short walk from a metro stop and about a 10 minute walk from the Palais des Congres. It is a 10-20 minute walk to the Old City and to other parts of downtown. The manager was friendly and very helpful. I was very happy with my stay!	
Nov 9 2009 	Travelodge Holetel	Slow season, so we got a decent deal at $80. Lobby is nice and clean. Get to the room, the door hits the first single bed. Use the bathroom, that door hits the other single bed. Between the two beds, there was room for 2 people to stand up. Brutal.TV was from 1980, and had 30 channels to select from. The shower is awkward. You have to stand on a weird angle with the water spraying towards your right side or you will risk flooding the place.Vending machine took my money last night, and the dill pickle chips would not fall down. Told reception, he said &quot;the gift shop owns that. come back in the morning, talk to 'em and you'll get your money back&quot;. Well uhhh that wasnt the point. it was my last toonie, but the lovely gentleman did offer to break my $20 so I could give it another shot.LOL$20 for parking.This place doesn't attract the finest clientele either. Just walking up my floor at 3am last night, the halls are filled with at least 4-5 pizza boxes, a ton of chinese takeout containers, garbage bags, and some noodles spread out in front of the elevator.I would definitely rather spend the extra $40-$60 to sleep somewhere with more comfortable pillows, or perhaps ones that do not tiny blood stain dots on thebedsheets. YUP. Blood on the sheets. In all, these rooms are way too small to charge for. In fact, I think I rather sleep in my car.The room cleaners were really nice though.	
Nov 25 2009 	Wonderful clean hotel with all the amenities in a neighborhood setting	My husband and I enjoyed everything about our visit. We loved the king sized suite that even had extra pillows and blanket which you usually don't get in a king size room. There was a kitchennette which was handy and a charming local grocery right next door. Parking was easy. The staff was especially friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the location- it was quiet from the noise of the city yet right in the heart of the downtown restaurants and sights.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good value for money located 30min from downtown.	My overall experience was good. I booked my room on booking.com on the same day and got a king room. However, when I got to the hotel I was told that the booking site is a little off with their updates as the king size rooms in this hotel have all been booked already 2 weeks before! I was given a double room though, and I received a $3 discount for each night for the inconvinience (I ended up paying $79 a night without taxes).I was happy with my room. I had also stayed at the Maritime Plaza Hotel in Montreal, and the room that I now got was almost like an identical copy of my room in there. One of the few differences is that in this one there were no lamps on the nightstand / beside the beds - there was only two lamps in the room altogether. Also in this room there was a fridge and they served modest breakfast downstairs. The beds were good sized and comfortable. The room &amp; bathroom were kept very clean. My room was on the side of the highway but the noise didn't really bother me even though I'm a light sleeper. (In fact, the people next doors who had their TV on pretty loud bothered me more than the traffic...)I also liked the fact that they have free wi-fi in the lobby and a washing machine + dryer. The distance to the Plamondon subway station is 8 minutes by walking, and at the other end of the station there is a small mall with a supermarket, Subway, Second Cup etc. The subway takes you to downtown in 10-15 minutes (depending where you get off), so the trip from the hotel to there takes about 30min with waiting times.All in all, I much prefer this hotel to the Maritime Plaza... I rather take the subway every day than pay 50% more each day just for the central location!... And after having said all that I want to comment on one last thing that wasn't so nice though: while I was using my laptop in the lobby, I was harassed by a begger who was let inside (I'm sure the person at the reception noticed him but chose to ignore it...). The begger would go around with a cup in his hands (you see quite a lot of them in Montreal actually, but in the hotel lobby and cafeteria too?!!!). On top of all, the begger didn't go away when I told him I don't have money, but he continued to question me about how much I would want for my computer!! When I said that I'm not selling it, he said: &quot;BUT I WILL PAY YOU...&quot; Hotel management, please do something about this, you can't let this happen repeatedly (yes, I did see him there on another day as well, without anybody interfering...)!	
Nov 23 2009 	A quaint and charming hotel in Montreal City Center	Staying at this hotel was a wonderful experience! The location is fantastic, easily able to walk to shopping, restaurants, pubs, attractions and just steps from the metro make it the perfect location for beginning your exploration of Montreal! The rooms where clean, beautifully decorated, and the staff where helpful, friendly and accommodating. The hotel is in an old brown stone building that has been completely renovated, rooms are very modern.The breakfast that is included is delicious and provides much more choice then the usual toast and juice offered my most hotels. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a charming and convenient location to explore Montreal from.	
Dec 31 2008	Preferred the Fairfield Suites	We stayed one night at the Residence Inn after arriving on a flight from out of town. We called for the shuttle which arrived within about 15 minutes. The hotel was about a 10-15 minute drive. It was not real easy to find if you were driving yourself. Check in was fine and the room was fine. We had a family of 4 staying and found the suite to be a little crowded but still nice. The breakfast in the morning was the typical free breakfast with a few hot items. On our way back home we were to stay there one more night but opted for the Fairfield Suites instead. We thought it was an upgrade from the Residence Inn plus it was closer to the airport. The staff at the Fairfield was extremely helpful. The downside to the Fairfield was you paid for parking if you had a car, you occasionally heard a plane since you were so close, it was not easy to find the turn in as others have stated and you can not walk to any restaurant or shopping. But, given those issues, my family still preferred the Fairfield and I preferred the lower price and the great help and advice at the Fairfield. I would recommend either for a stay as both were fine.	
Sep 1 2009 	A Good Stay	While this hotel has not received many reviews in the past, I chose this location in large part to it's close proximity to a nearby university where my step-son was enrolling in first year. Not being familiar with the city, we wanted to be nearby. It's location is certainly within a busy downtown area, our night was restful with no complaints of loud noises.While the building is older, our room was found to be spacious, comfortable and quite clean. There was a fully equipped kitchen &amp; dining area that we did not use, the Living Room was nice &amp; comfortable. The bedroom had (2) double beds and while a queen sixze bed would have been preferred, you could say that the room was more accomodating for 3 - 4 people (with a pullout couch in the Living Room). There is an optional $7.99 breakfast which was ok. Parking like many hotels is extra.Would we stay here again? Yes, most certainly. The price, location, cleanliness &amp; space available are the deciding factors.	
Aug 23 2009 	Good location period.	Negative: The water leaks from the ceiling when it rains. the walls are thin so you need ear plugs. Positive: Great locatioin. Easy access to metro station. Wide choice of good restaurants around.	
Nov 9 2009 	Cheap but definitely NOT cheerful!	I very recently stayed at this hotel with my partner and another couple. We checked into the hotel after booking it online that day as it fit our requirement for somewhere cheap and in a good location. It was located on Rue St Denis in the Latin Quarter and was a 10-15min walk to great bars, restaurants and shops on Rue St Laurent and in the area of Plateau Mont-Royal. As the rooms were only $55/night we did not have expectations of grandeur, just small, basic, clean rooms which we could stay in for 2 nights whilst we explored the city.Despite the fact the owner seems to be the only person working there and doing everything himself he doesn't have much clue as to what is going on. He kept asking us to pay in cash (even though he had the facility there to pay by card) and then insisted that we had to pay together (though he was unable to provide us with any logic for this). We had to wait an hour or so as one of the rooms was not yet ready...and then when my partner and I were able to move into it, found that there was still toilet paper on the floor, old soap in the shower and hair everywhere, not to mention the inch of dust that covered EVERYTHING! Obviously it had not been cleaned so I asked for it to be done...there was no apology or explanation he just said he would do it. When he had finished the only difference seemed to be that he had thrown out the soap and toilet paper, the shower had still not been wiped out or the floor cleaned. By this stage we were running late for our dinner reservation so took the attitude that it was only for 2 nights, it was cheap and we could get by.It was only when we returned from dinner we noticed that our room was freezing because unlike our friends room next door, the skirting heating had been removed and so we had to use the reverse cycle air conditioning unit which was noisy and virtually useless. There was also an unexplainable rattling noise that continued all night and morning (even once the unit was turned off) which made it impossible for us to sleep. Once we returned from our day of sightseeing we asked if we could move to another room as we were not able to sleep with the noise that was still continuing in our room. The owner then started to get very upset saying that he was doing everything to accommodate us and we were being very difficult (apparently because we wanted to sleep in a room that had been cleaned or at the very least did not show evidence of the previous guests stay) but in the end agreed to let us stay in his 'best' room as he just wanted us to be happy. The room reeked of cigarette but we reasoned that it was only for one more night and we wouldn't be spending much time there as we were about to head out for the evening and would then be departing in the morning. If only I had taken more time to look around before accepting the keys because it was only once I had moved our stuff in and turned the lights on that I saw how bad it was. Again, I could have put up with the layer of dust everywhere, the threadbare towels, the dirty glasses, the string rigged to hold the shower head in place and possibly even the fact I could see that juice had been emptied into the sink and never rinsed out, but what really made me feel ill was the piles of cigarette ash everywhere (next to the bed, beside the sitting chair, on the coffee table) and the old, half eaten bread that was still sitting on the table!!! REVOLTING!!!By this stage we realised there was little point in complaining as if this was the best room he had to offer we could not hold out hope of being moved to a cleaner room and it was too late to find somewhere else so we spent as little time as possible in the room, being careful not to let our stuff touch anything (especially the floor) and having a quick wash with water and towel (no way were we going to risk having a shower when there was still shower gel on the walls and hair and muck all over the floor).Clearly the owner is just changing the sheets after each guests stay (at least I hope he is but I really couldn't be certain) and not bothering to clean the bathrooms or room, dust, vacuum or mop. My friends and I have all travelled extensively around the world and stayed in all types of accommodation with various quirks etc but at the very least there has always been a basic standard of cleanliness which most certainly did not exist here - we all agreed that this has been the worst place any of us have ever stayed in.Do not believe the website, the photographer was a genius who deserves a prize for making the place look as good as it did...I have only complained about the rooms we were given, believe me I could have written at least another 1000 words on the reception area, staircase etc etc as well as the fact we had confirmation that we were to be given free parking but weren't?!Avoid at all costs!	
Oct 21 2009 	Great Airport Hotel	THis is a very trendy hotel located within the international departures of the Montreal Airport. CHeck in was wonderful and fast. The rooms were large and airy and the beds were absolutely divine. We were just staying for 7 hrs on a stop over to florida. I would highly recommend this to anyone needed to have a stop over in montreal or needing to catch an early morning flight.Cons: pay wireless internet.	
	Much more than I expected	Traveled by train from QC with my daughter, 7 and 5. Walked across the street from the station. Check-in easy. Room 2139. Average. But it's not the room here.Great location. The pool is great. When you go to swim, there is an inside entry and you swim under a deck to enter the Great White North. [It was cold.] Pony-tailed lifeguard has zero personality, but he is efficient. Girls loved the swim. I froze. Concierge staff is remarkable. 45 minutes before face-off, Roberto got me tickets ($220) 7 rows off the ice from a scalper. I paid him and picked up the tickets in a nearby gas station.Thanksgiving? American? Concierge booked us at Globe. Incredible.The restaurant. Had breakfast one day. Expensive. But friendly. Good. Waiter made a recommendation for the girls for that day.Problems?Returned one day -- door ajar. Maid had not shut it. Nothing taken. Reasonably secure.Bar is good too for a drink. Arrived. Wife out of sorts and sent her for a cocktail. She was much better.A great location. Very non-Hilton. Very personable. Unique.I used points so I only paid for what I spent, but it was good. Very good. Better than expected for a Hilton. And if you have kids and its the winter, the pool is a gem. A class of French-speaking children watched one afternoon as we swam. They all wanted to jump into the steamy outdoor pool.And I'm a runner. Old Montreal is a short run. A long walk.	
Oct 14 2009 	Econo Lodge Is A Disgusting Hotel!	If you're going to book this hotel, ALWAYS book it through CHOICEHOTELS.COM , NOT directly through the hotel, you have a better chance of getting your money back in case you change your mind, which you will once you actually see it. We originally booked for 4 nights and wound up staying only 1 night because it was so disgusting. The hotel was located in a sketchy area. The manager Gianni, and the hotel staff were rude, made up arbitrary rules (we were told to pay a $100 deposit, another woman was told to pay a $50 cash deposit and when she asked for a receipt, the staff member wrote it down on a random piece of paper) and provided horrible service. The room was disgusting (check out the photos). This hotel is not a hotel, it is more like a HOSTEL. The bathtub was filthy when we arrived. Then when we wanted to check out the manager Gianni, who pretended he was someone else when we called down to complain, told us that we couldn't get our money back because we had to cancel 48 hours in advance. Then when we asked to see his cancellation policy for patrons who cancel after 48 hours, he said that he didn't have one written down! Needless to say we argued and got the money back for the 3 nights we cancelled. This place is absolute filth! If you don't believe me, read some of the other reviews about this hotel. DISGUSTING!But on another note, instead of complaining and offering no alternative, here's a great place you can stay. If you're looking for a fantastic place in Montreal with a fantastic price and location you should go the Le 1 Rene Levesque. Great service, great rates (especially if you're a AAA or CAA member), nice room, housekeeping, internet access and computers, laundry room, kitchen, microwave and sink in your suite. You name it, it was excellent. Check it out at: http://le1renelevesque.com/index.php?lang=en	
Nov 9 2009 	Good enough	Stayed here while at a conference at McGill. The hotel is simply good enough, it's better than the equivalent halls at Imperial in London, and not as good as the Seoul Plaza in Korea: but then one is a five star hotel and the other's a British university halls, so what would you expect.The room was acceptably warm (Montreal in June was miserable), the bed was comfortable, the breakfast was good but simple (not fancily chopped melon bites and a hundred types of eggs). The staff had a studenty vibe: but then I quite like students.The metro is about 10 minutes walk at Place-Des-Art, and below the hotel is one of Montreal's mass of underground passageways and malls. Apparently you can navigate a lot of downtown Montreal underground.The hotel is a couple of hundred metres from the southern edge of Mont Royale, never did find a way onto the park, maybe next time.	
Nov 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel	This hotel was very clean and beautiful as well as comfortable. The staff was very friendly. The airport shuttle was timely and the fact that I could leave my car there for a week at no extra charge was comforting. The shuttle was there again when I came back. I would definitely stay there again and have recommended it to co-workers.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Stay	This hotel was a great place to stay Montreal . It was well within walking distance to great shopping, dining ,and sports.	
Sep 2 2008 	Beware of the Bed Bugs.	I thought I lucked out getting a cheap hotel in downtown Montreal, but it was all bad luck.The room I stayed in was infested with bed bugs! I woke up scratching at over 50 bites on my back, shoulder, arm and foot. I even found a couple of the critters dead on the bed and blood spots on the sheets - my blood! I had to spend the next morning washing all my clothes and disinfecting my luggage before I could bring it home. I couldn't sleep for a week and will never stay in 'cheap hotel' again.Traveller beware.	
Nov 18 2009 	clean and good pricegood locationNot as bad as the reviews	I stayed this Hotel for one week, what I found was a very clean room and clean sheets and clean pillows on the bed and a very clean bathroom. The hotel staff was very nice and accommodating,they prepared the breakfast at 7:00 am everyday for me when I told them i must to attend my meeting before 8:00am........In fact, I didn't find any bed bugs.	
Sep 10 2009 	beautiful stay	My husband and I stayed one night. The room was clean and beautful. I loved the white linen bed.The bed was very comfortable. As for the bathroom, it was very clean and had everything we needed. Everyone was kind, polite and helpful. I will go back when I want to stay in Montreal.	
	Excellent Marriott Residence Inn Experience	Fantastic location in downtown Montreal with quick access to all points of interest...culture, shopping, and restaurants. We recommend it highly for anyone interested in visiting Montreal.	
Nov 3 2009 	Fantastic!!!	We enjoyed this hotel so much, I included it in my Blog encouraging readders to try it out;Great value plus plus. We had a family get together.	
Aug 17 2009 	ok for the price	I booked with this hotel but once I arrived they didn't have rooms so they sent me to the &quot;University de Montreal residence&quot;, a 100 meters walk and a small climb...I originally booked and &quot;all included&quot;- breakfast and internet but since I wanted the internet for my phone and there is no wifi in the &quot;residence&quot; they changed it without a problem so it was ~40$ a night.It is an old building, no air conditioner, small rooms and shared bathroom.The room was clean and had sheets, towels, soap, sink and a minifridge as well as a closet. The bathroom was also clean.There is a metro station 4 minutes walking distance (&quot;Edouard Monpetit&quot;), it has the blue line.I payed for the parking but if I understood from the signs in the street, you can park there in the summer so you can save a few bucks.If you plan on sitting in your room a lot- this is NOT the place for you. It's not a very welcoming room so it will be great if you plan to travel and only come to sleep.	
	Amazing room great bathroom- Good location	As you enter this amazing hotel, you will be impressed by the beautiful chandeliers. Reception staff a bit arrogant but courteous enough. My room was just stunning, very roomy and the bed amazing! so comfortable...Ipod system, great sound ! internet is free but i keep getting messages that server was down. A great espresso machine, and it made the best espresso ever... yummy.The bathroom, just incredible, very spacious and with a beautiful large bath, including delicious bath salts for the body and great shampoo and conditioner.Negative/s: in the morning I was waking up by trucks, not sure what they were, maybe rubbish collectors or street cleaning cars...Breakfast, was okay but we thought it was expensive, and quality it was not that great.	
	This was a beautiful hotel with impeccable service.	I have stayed in many five star hotels, but none with service as good as at the Hotel Le St. James. From the doormen, to the front desk clerk (and the absolutely beautiful room keys - not plastic cards) and to the restaurant servers - nothing was lacking. I felt as though I was their most important guest. Very different from the next night when I stayed at the Chateau Laurier in Ottawa, though I usually am a fan of Fairmonts. I stayed in a junior suite which was very large and had very, very good amenities. Every detail was very well done. No scrapes on the walls or dust on the furniture. The bathroom was spacious with a separate and immaculately clean tub and very nice shower. I am a sound sensitive person and did not hear a peep from outside the room, though I was close to an elevator.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 19 2009 	Centrally Located and Very Good Value	I spent two nights at the Delta Montreal and was very pleased with my stay. The first night was booked through a special rate with Expedia and the second night was booked at the last minute with the front desk. I stayed in a normal room the first night and an upgraded room the second night. The difference between the two include: the upgraded room is a bit larger, has an electronic thermostat, mouthwash, higher floors, 1 bottled water, nicer desk chair. Overall the furniture in both rooms was the same and overall pretty nice, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was clean and spacious. The staff was very helpful with all of my requests. My only complaint would be that the rooms are oddly shaped and much of the extra space is useless. I would say this hotel is a very good 3-star, and is in a great location.	
Nov 22 2009 	Excellent hotel spoiled by pointless hidden costs!	My experience at the Intercontinental was somewhat polarized. On the one hand, both the hotel and the service were excellent: comfortable rooms, well-decorated, clean and with good facilities, great location (close to downtown, the Metro and the old city) helpful staff  especially Gerry the concierge, who had a wealth of knowledge and always had time to share it, his help definitely added a lot to our Montreal experience. All of this definitely deserved the high ratings and reviews.On the other hand, the hotel's policies really hampered our stay, with the nickel and diming: Internet, $15 a day (or $8 for 2 hours, there are Internet shops that make all their money from Internet services that charge less than that); Early check-in (if available), $25; Late check-out (even just a half-hour), another $25; Breakfast starts at $20 for juice, coffee and two pastries; Room service, additional fee, etc etc. It really felt like every request we had incurred an extra fee, which is absolutely not what a top-class hotel should feel like. I mean, if you were spending one night for a meeting in Montreal and your flights meant that you had to check in before 4pm and leave after noon, that's $50 extra right there, just for absolutely standard services that every other hotel (even the Holiday Inn Express brand in the same chain) is happy to offer for free! If a room is not ready for early check-in, that's perfectly understandable; but how is it fair to say your room is ready but if you don't wait around until 4pm, you have to pay extra? This isn't some kind of pay-by-the-hour flophouse!If you get a good deal on the price, I would recommend the Intercontinental. I feel kind of bad about being so negative because none of the staff provided any bad service, nor were the facilities below standard. I just feel that in a 4 or 5-star hotel, you expect to be encouraged to approach the staff, to make any requests that you need, and that the establishment should try to accommodate these out of goodwill to enhance your stay as a valued guest. By the end of my stay, I felt like it wasn't even worth asking for anything because I'd just have to pony up, or feel embarrassed to decline because of the fees. If you stay here, you will not be disappointed by the staff or the hotel  just expect to add an extra 20% or so to your quoted rate, so you don't feel disappointed by that part either.	
Nov 24 2009 	Good Amenities Excellent Location...	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. This hotel is at an excellent location, right on Rue Sherbrooke Ouest (West). We found that the property was fairly new, and well maintained. All of the staff we encountered spoke French &amp; English, and happily switched between both based on our interaction. The rooms were extremely clean. Having free access to WiFi, as well as a microwave and refrigerator in the room were really helpful. The bathroom in *our* room did not have a tub (may be a concern for some - not an issue for us).Staying at this hotel will put you within walking distance of the Metro (Place-des-Arts), as well as restaurants/shopping (Rue. St. Catherine, etc). The hotel offers underground parking for $20 (CAD) a day. We didn't experience a problem finding a spot in their facility, and left the car there for the duration of our stay (walked and used the Metro). Overall, I was very pleased with our stay at this hotel. I have visited Montreal several times, and have stayed at a couple of other properties. We found a very good rate for this stay, and would certainly stay here again (if the price is right).	
Sep 1 2009 	A Good Stay	While this hotel has not received many reviews in the past, I chose this location in large part to it's close proximity to a nearby university where my step-son was enrolling in first year. Not being familiar with the city, we wanted to be nearby. It's location is certainly within a busy downtown area, our night was restful with no complaints of loud noises.While the building is older, our room was found to be spacious, comfortable and quite clean. There was a fully equipped kitchen &amp; dining area that we did not use, the Living Room was nice &amp; comfortable. The bedroom had (2) double beds and while a queen sixze bed would have been preferred, you could say that the room was more accomodating for 3 - 4 people (with a pullout couch in the Living Room). There is an optional $7.99 breakfast which was ok. Parking like many hotels is extra.Would we stay here again? Yes, most certainly. The price, location, cleanliness &amp; space available are the deciding factors.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Stay	This hotel was a great place to stay Montreal . It was well within walking distance to great shopping, dining ,and sports.	
Sep 20 2009 	Ok for 1 night or business traveller	We stayed here for 5 nights in all. The staff were very friendly and helpful but the room was quite depressing. We didn't look forward to going back to the hotel to relax, as the room was dingy so stayed out all day! Would recommend for 1 night though.	
Sep 8 2009 	Feels more like a motel!	I stayed in this hotel over Labor Day weekend with some friends. Right away, the lady at the check-in counter was very rude! The first room we got reeked of a foul odor, we had to change our room. The new room was clean, but the furniture looked like it was from the 80's (and it felt like it too!). The beds were very uncomfortable. They even forgot to clean my room one of the days! The only good thing about the hotel is the location! I booked this hotel from HOTWIRE. They sold it to me as a 3-star hotel, which it definately was not! They charged me over $100 per night. Overall, this hotel is at best, just okay. But definately feels more like a motel!	
	BED BUGS ALERT!!!	Awful place to stay as I encountered BED BUGS and brought them home with me. Myself and friend have awful bites all over our arms/hands and back...If you actually choose to stay here check your head board for mites...ours was literally INFESTED. Most disgusting thing i've ever seen.	
Oct 18 2009 	I'll stay here again !	I recently stayed at L'Appartment Hotel for a long weekend with my wife and 16 year old son. I booked a 1 bedroom suite which was very spacious and comfortable,had a well equipped kitchen, free wireless internet, and flat panel TV . The hotel also offers an indoor rooftop pool which was much larger than I expected and an outdoor deck. Continental breakfast is included in the room rate. I was extremely pleased with the accommodations and will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	so so	It is a place to go not for pleasure. Small, not too comfortable but close to everything. Seems to be clean, even thou some soap left in the sink. Nice breakfast: coffee, croissant, tea, fruit spread (was the best), butter, toast, orange juice. Not too friendly staff.	
Nov 24 2009 	great place to stay very clean very safe.	everything a+ ,clean,safe, friendly, good service, close to bus depot and main subway station. laundry closeby, good resturants minutes away.	
Nov 2 2009 	Alittle Misleading..	So I recently stayed at the Hotel de la Montagne this past weekend (Oct 29-Nov1st) and was alittle dissappointed to say the least. My wife, I and 4 of our friends stayed the entire Halloween weekend (3 rooms). After looking at their website and all of the travel websites (Hotels.com, Expedia, etc) I was expecting to stay at an ULTRA modern, contemporary room--ya know, Plasma TV, modernized contemporary furnitiure and bathroom. What they gave us was a dated room that hadn't been renovated since the 80's. Don't get me wrong, the room was huge and so was the bathroom but was very outdated. I sort of felt like it was a &quot;bait and switch&quot;. After asking to be put in one of their updated rooms they told me it was an additional $40 per night, per room. I really didn't make a stink about it, but I should. They're website is very misleading and shows you pictures of only their updated rooms. They should really differentiate both rooms on their website and not MISLEAD people, so just beware before booking. We really wanted to go up to the roof area, but it was closed as I'm assuming that it was closed during this time of the year. The good thing about this hotel is that its very close to all shopping and partying as its near everything. Park across the street in the open lot, it'll save you money!	
Nov 19 2009 	hotel park avenue	i was with some friends while we had our easter holiday on montreal and since we were looking for a cheaper hotel....Hotel Park Avenue is the place to go....you'll have a bed to sleep in the night, since most of the day we were in the town...close to the bus station so you have the access to the city..	
	Great location jungle themed rooms!	My boyfriend and I read the reviews of Hotel Kutuma on a few different sites before booking, but somehow we managed to miss the fact that it is jungle-themed! When we walked into our room (a Junior Suite) the first thing we saw was a king-sized bed decked out in zebra and leopard print bedding, and then the fake palm tree and African carvings. But after being caught off guard by the kitsch factor we warmed up to it. Our room was very comfortable and clean. The location was good for walking to many different neighborhoods and the staff was pleasant and accommodating (they let us check out 2 hours late). I'm not giving Kutuma 5 stars, however, because the microwave and mini stovetop didn't work, and the deep, luxurious-looking bathtub took forever to fill.	
Nov 24 2009 	Do not stay here!	We stayed there on a free Priority Club night and it was terrible! I booked it, rather than the downtown location, because I was able to book a club floor which also has access to a lounge. We checked in only a little bit early, and since our room wasn't ready, they decided to gave us a different room - on the 17th floor (Wish I had said I'd wait for ours, and found out what the original room would have been like). There is no way it was recently renovated. It had very tired looking furniture and peeling wallpaper. This room was like a cheap university residence room-- and the bed had a very hard, old, thin, cheap mattress. Nothing was mentioned about the so-called &quot;benefits&quot; of a club floor when I checked in except that she confirmed it would be quiet because it was a club floor. It was the worst night I've ever spent in a hotel. If this floor is quiet, what are the rest like? The windows don't muffle the traffic noise./sirens. You can hear every toilet around you flushing and every door slamming when people come in for the night - I didn't sleep until 3:45 am! In the morning, I called to ask where the lounge was, and was told that there would be coffee, pastry, and fruit...we went up at about 8:30 am and there was nothing there besides a coffee machine! We bought breakfast in the restaurant on the main floor, which was the only good thing about this hotel. Believe the other reviewers when they say it's noisy - even if you are a sound sleeper, you'll regret booking it! Save yourself from a bad night - book something else! Did I get a bad room because it was a free night? I've got to wonder....	
Sep 29 2009 	Good option for a very good price.	The locaion of the hotel its relly good for turist interest, the best its the price .	
Nov 8 2009 	Great Location View Service	The hotel itself is elegant. First class lobby that looked really nice. The bar was not quite right (bad drinks, service, nobody there). The indoor / outdoor pool they have is great for lounging. The rooms were very spacious. Lots of room to spread out. The beds were only OK for a room this big and nice. The views of the city and surrounding area were just awesome. The service was great, we ordered room service twice and it was fast and good both times.	
Oct 21 2009 	Cool hotel	The feeling was a &quot;Ikea&quot; inspired W Hotel, which is not a bad thing. It was very functional. Even thought the hotel was beside the airport, I didn't find that it was that noisy. It seems that Aloft hotels are rated as a 3-3.5 star hotel, which I find it the quality to me exceed other similar level hotels that I have stayed in before. I am picky on the cleanliness of hotel rooms whenever I find rooms for my trips. But when I walked into the room, I found it to be clean, maybe because this hotel is about 1 yrs old.Since this hotel was new, finding the hotel on your GPS or Google Maps was a bit tricky as they don't have the roads mapped out yet. But it is close to the highways which can take you into the city pretty quickly.Free internet and parking was a bonus. Plus there was a free pool table to relax and hang around in the lounge. The only issues was one front desk staff that was not that helpful when asking for directions and the snack bar is a bit on the expensive side for food &amp; beverage items.But overall, I would stay there again and for travelling to other locations I would prefer to stay in the Aloft chain.	
Oct 22 2009 	Perfectly Fine in Every Way	We were very happy with our one night (weekend) stay. The purpose of our trip was to take teenaged daughters and their friends to the Biodome and go shopping etc. We availed ourselves of the P'tite Folie package, i.e. one room for $132 and a second at $39 -- hard to beat those rates!! Also the underground parking was only $16.50 which is decent for a large city. All in all, it was perfect for our purposes. It was well located in relation to the restaurants on St. Denis; the rooms were clean and comfortable (although not luxurious and the bathrooms not spacious but this didn't matter to us). Travellers from abroad mightn't have been happy with our view, but we weren't there for that either. The pool and exercise facilities were nice and we did use them (no hot tub, but a sauna). The check in and out were smooth with no waiting, although we observed that the line-ups ebbed and flowed. We had minimal interaction with the staff and didn't eat there, so we can't comment on these aspects. We didn't find the area particularly seedy, nor did we have trouble with pan-handlers outside or bedbugs inside. It was good, basic accommodation for a weekend trip and we'd definitely consider staying there again.	
Oct 14 2009 	It's a keeper!	Ok...so this place is not the Ritz. In fact it is very basic. There was a bed, tv, dressers, a chair, coffee table, and bathroom. But it was exceptionally clean! Really, I didn't go to Montreal to stay in the hotel. It was only used to sleep and shower. So my main concern with a room is to make sure it was clean. It was very clean. Towels were changed daily. The hotel is also not in the tourist part of Montreal but it was a nice part of Montreal. It was very close to many DELICIOUS restaurants. Across the street from the hotel is Dusty's which is a great diner for breakfast. We walked to Old Montreal so if you're a good walker you'll be fine. We were only like 2 blocks from Mont-Royal park. It was a great spot and very cheap!	
Nov 3 2009 	Trendy nice hotel in great area of Montreal	This hotel was trendy but had very good service. The rooms were nice, very confortable beds and bathrooms. Within walking distance to restaurants and bars. The hotel restaurant was very good.	
Sep 1 2009 	not to be remembered	we spent there just one night. we were lucky as we got a parking place, the neighborhood wasn't the best you can think of.the room was average, large enough for 4 people&quot;strange&quot; people in the area, we felt unconfortable coming back after dinnerbreakfast? nothing to write homehot breakfast..??..we had some fruit and coffee(!!) even no cereal for the girls.	
Oct 14 2009 	so so	It is a place to go not for pleasure. Small, not too comfortable but close to everything. Seems to be clean, even thou some soap left in the sink. Nice breakfast: coffee, croissant, tea, fruit spread (was the best), butter, toast, orange juice. Not too friendly staff.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Experience	Clean and Cheap!! Easy to book, great location!! Highly recommended!!	
Sep 18 2009 	cheap but still it does not pay its price..	The carpet and closet were stinking of pee, the basin was very dirty (my guess is that previous guests had peed in the basin, dropping all around..). Only the ceiling light was working. The location is nice, but extremely noisy. They advertised the availabilty of fridge and microwave, actually the receptionists has them, but kindly allows you to use them. The price did not match those at which I had booked the room, the explanation the receptionist gave me no explanation. The advantage is that you can have a single room at a little price, now I think it would be worth it to pay a bit more for both beds in a double room of another hotel/hostel.	
Sep 11 2009 	Not going back	Negatives:Bathroom: Probably the worst part - tiny, the flimsy door didn't close all the way and the toilet didn't flush on the first try- had to call management. Also extremely thin towels-paper thin so bring your own! And don't expect to use the Shampoo and Conditioner, it is very low quality. Beds: Comfortable but very thin sheets with holes and some stains. Overall room and hotel: dark and gloomy with a musty smell Kitchen turned me off from wanting to prepare any food in it- small, awkward, simple and lousy repairs done in an attempt to &quot;update&quot; itPositives: A plus was that some rooms have a living room so if you are with more than one person you have 2 rooms (TV in lving room). Fridge was helpful Parking for about $10 or $15 a dayLocation is good- actually it's the only one in the area which is why we got stuck at the Terrasse. Next to the shops, supermarkets and subway in the areaAlso:If you have to go there, get breakfast from next door at Au Pain D'ore- the bread, pastries and coffee are all great and highly recommended! Also Avoid Second Cup across the street!	
Nov 24 2009 	Warmly Modern and Lovely	Just wrapped up a 4 night/5 day stay at Hotel St Paul. Staff were really nice and very helpful. The hotel was the most modern that I've personally stayed in though it still felt warm and cozy. It's on the cusp of Old Montreal so you don't get the same obnoxious &amp; noisy tourist pedestrian traffic at night like other hotels experiences I've had in the area. The continental breakfast was the right amount of food and selection to make four days breakfast not feel the same day in and day out. Fantastic location made it easy to get quite a lot done during what felt like not a long enough trip! Close proximity to local transit, spas, shopping, across the river from the casino, bars, clubs and fabulous restaurants made doing a lot stress free and unrushed. The windows open to allow fresh air in - that's rare and I loved it!!! Adored it, will stay again and would recommend it to anyone!	
Oct 13 2009 	Just as long as it is clean....	I guess as long as the room is clean I am okay with it. It did have 2.5 stars on Hotwire.com, so I was happy with what we did get although initially I was leary about booking it. What swayed me is that it was the only one listed on Hotwire.com offering breakfast. My girlfriend &amp; I spent just 2 nights there.PROS:1) The room was clean and the bathroom spotless although it did not have a clean fresh smell, a little Febreeze would have been nice. 2) The room had a small frig and enough utensils and cups for 2 people but no dishes.3) They provided you dishwashing liquid &amp; sponge.4) Breakfast which included your basic continental offerings did its job in keeping our bellies full until late afternoon. You could toast your bagels or sliced bread. In addition to hot beverages, the only hot breakfast item that you could make was oatmeal from packets &amp; hotwater.5) It was close to the Metro.6) You are within walking distance to many eateries.7) Beds were nice and firm, not so soft as where you can feel every spring. It was just right for me.8) You had a coffee maker in your room but don't ask for extra coffee unless you are willing to pay a dollar more.9) Staff helpful and hospitable, although there was the microwave incident.10) Room with two double beds was roomy. In fact it was more roomy then most other 2 bedded rooms that I have stayed in.8) If you are an older person in your late 40's that loves to dance to contemporary dance music you may want to check out Club Thursdays on Rue Crescent. We found that it was happening on Saturday night, with an older crowd. Unless you are drinking shots of straight liquor, I would advise to stay with beer. The mixed drinks sucked! CONS:1) NO MICROWAVE OR STOVE even though it was listed in Hotwire.com ($65 including tax per night). As soon as we arrived we had asked for a microwave and we're told that one would be delivered to us...it never came!2) I was amazed at the number of derelicts they had in that immediate area. Although my girlfriend and I (2 females) did not feel fearful, they were annoying with their begging. We are from the NYC area and nowadays you don't see as many beggars in Manhattan as we saw in Downtown Montreal, we were astonished!3) The hotel's parking is underneath a nearby hotel, it is down a steep narrow one lane driveway (be careful not to scratch the side of your car). From what we saw there is only one way in and one way out, which is quite dangerous, since it very narrow. It is a very small parking garage with 3 levels and you CAN'T park on level 1 closest to the entry/exit. If you are claustrophobic this is definitely not for you, since the ceiling height is low as well. I don't believe an SUV would fit in it. I don't believe it is worth $15 plus taxes per day parking fee since parking right next to hotel in an open lot is just $10.75 per day but as I read on internet, the attendant (in the open lot) does not stay there all night so your car may disappear. I didn't want to take the risk especially with NJ license plates. There has to be cheaper alternatives nearby but I didn't have the chance to investigate. Parking in downtown Montreal is expensive but then again nothing beats Manhattan in terms of ridiculous parking prices. Like I once told a Manhattan attendant, &quot;I don't want to buy the parking space, I just want to borrow it for a short while!&quot;4) As tourists you can no longer recoup the taxes you paid on goods you purchased. Canada terminated that program in April of 2007 although if you purchased your hotel/tour package as part of a tour group, those taxes you can still recoup. Ah shucks!5) Getting back to the hotel there were no dressers or bureaus to layout your clothing, only closets. 6) Our box springs appeared to be filthy; mine with what appeared to be coffee stains. The hotel would be well advised to steam clean &amp; cover up those box springs with bed skirts.8) Do not take a room that faces the main streets. We were awakened to the sounds of the derelicts arguing in front of the hotel, traffic and street cleaning (in the very early morning hours). 7) It was rare to see a Montreal Police Officer in the streets, it would have given me a greater sense of security. Although I hear that Montreal is pretty safe, hey but you never know! Crazy people are all around.I have included pictures of our room that were not included in the Hotel's website.All in all, I would stay at the Hotel Le Roberval again.	
Nov 23 2009 	C'est tres bon!	WOW! The hotel met and exceeded my expectations! We booked a small room and were upgraded by the hotel to a medium room! The room itself was a stunning combination of modern, sleek design and all the charm of the old stone building. The bed was possibly the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! The bathroom was small but clean and efficient. The whole space seemed very high end and comfortable!The staff was nothing but polite, accommodating and professional. The included breakfast was a typical continental breakfast, and all the pastries,fruit and accouterments were fresh and delicious (especially the croissants!). The price was on par with a Holiday Inn, but Le Petit Hotel is on a whole other level! The location is in the heart of all the wonderful amenities of Old Montreal and is very picturesque and charming.I went for an anniversary weekend and the room offered the comfortable and romantic feeling that I was looking for!! Le Petit Hotel was one of the most positive hotel experiences I have ever had (and I travel quite a bit).I read a review that complained about the lack of coffee makers in the room (even though it has a stocked mini-bar and mocrowave) but the hotel offers complimentary gourmet coffee all day in the lobby, and complimentary specialty coffees and espressos all morning. I think whoever wrote that review must work for the coffee maker industry or they are the type of person who is never happy with anything.The only negative thing that I could come up with about the hotel is that one morning there were no plates at breakfast (a situation which was rectified promptly).This is a hotel which is perfect for couples looking for a beautiful, romantic, comfortable getaway!	
	Pretty much delivers	Booked a package with 1 night, two 1 hour massages, breakfast, valet and late checkout available on their website. Considering what you get, I'd consider a good deal. Location is very good. Turn right when leaving the hotel and all there is the Bell Center, couple of restos and the convenience store/gas station. Go further and you are leaving the downtown core. Not a bad or sketchy location, if you don't like noise, get out of downtown. Turn left and you are in the center of the city, a perfect location for someone wanting to stay downtown and not in Old Montreal, which is different. Check in fairly early at 3:30pm. Asked about smoking policy and is non smoking. She then offered a room with a balcony, which is an upgrade, free of charge. Perfect! Room was a suite, great bathroom, kitchenette, etc... Furniture all modern and stylich. Very nice. Spa was good, not super luxury but nice for a 12th floor urban spa. Pool is a nice tough and hot tub amazing! I'm from Montreal and never saw such a nice view from an outdoor hot tub. Great urban getaway. Ordered rooms service, was a touch slow but everything good and delivered with class. Valet was helpful and concierge seemed top notch, overheard people making club reservations, etc...Overall the hotel is nice, new, friendly and hip. I was very satisfied and really enjoyed our downtown vacation. Pretty much ideal, especially if you use that hot tub!	
Nov 12 2009 	Nice Hotel Good Location but... DON'T STAY NEW YEARS EVE!!!	We've stayed at the Holiday Inn Express / Candlewood Suites Montreal several times over the last few years and found it to be a nice property with a good location and a friendly, helpful, courteous staff. But DO NOT make the mistake we did last December. On New Years Eve, HUNDREDS of college kids and high school kids checked in and ran riot throughout the hotel. They set off the fire alarm SIX TIMES starting at 1am. The hotel management did NOTHING about it. The drunken kids ran through the hallways laughing and screaming, slamming doors and stomping up and down the stairwells to visit their friends on other floors. This went on ALL NIGHT LONG. There were fights in the hallways and, the next morning, there was trash scattered throughout the hotel. Other than that, we had a nice stay.	
	Blood on pillows	The worst stay we have ever had. there was blood BLOOD on the pillows, once we showed the manager he said there was nothing he could do, and then was rude to our entire party. housekeeping cleaned our room once during a 3 night stay and asked for a tip the day they cleaned it, never cleaned it again - i guess $10 wasn't good enough. there is security running around with their friends during the nights and treating guests like intruders. security also tried accuse us of stealing a laptop that they later found - &quot;they misplaced it&quot; but did threaten to beat us up with their frinds prior to finding it. don't ever stay here this hotel is not clean the staff are rude and the rooms are not worth the rates, valet is a joke, the only good thing about the trip was leaving this hotel for good.	
Nov 25 2009 	Wonderful clean hotel with all the amenities in a neighborhood setting	My husband and I enjoyed everything about our visit. We loved the king sized suite that even had extra pillows and blanket which you usually don't get in a king size room. There was a kitchennette which was handy and a charming local grocery right next door. Parking was easy. The staff was especially friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the location- it was quiet from the noise of the city yet right in the heart of the downtown restaurants and sights.	
Sep 6 2007 	Nice staff lousy air conditioning	The hotel is located in a convenient suburban Montreal location near several highways. For the area it was a fair rate but the area is expensive in general. There were only a few people in the hotel so it was very quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpful.The room upgraded quite nicely, including a nice and clean bathroom. Plenty of TV channels in both French and English. The only problem was the air conditioning. The control is an old dial thermostat which I could deal with but the AC was not cold. I figured it would take a while to cool down but when I laid down to go to sleep I was a bit too warm for comfort. If I had realized earlier that the AC wasn't going to cool the room I would have called the desk to be moved but I was already settled in so I dealt with it. Luckily it was a cool night and there is a window that opens. I would have some doubts about staying here again for the simple fact that the air conditioning was not effective.	
	Finest Hotel in Canada	To the business traveller looking for a trendy, chic, amazing experience in hotels, the W Montreal is the finest to be found. You are treated with professionalism and cordiality from the minute you walk in the lobby. The rooms are spacious with monstrous bathrooms and copious amenities. The Concierge always strives for perfection no matter what you need. The small boite of a bar off the lobby is the perfect place to unwind in the capable bartending hands of Paul. Everyone remembers your name and makes you feel welcome. Bryan (one of the managers) is exacting and ensures every visit is perfection. The only drawback is the lackluster restaurant (not owned by the hotel). I choose the W Montreal as one of my favorite hotels in the world.	
Oct 26 2009 	Save your money...	I stayed in this hotel recently with my partner. We understood it was a budget hotel and weren't looking for frills. We've both stayed in many hostels and have traveled a lot however, we were still greatly disappointed. The room was stuffy and dirty. Dark black stains in various areas of the carpeted floor were a huge turn off. There was rust and mold around the wall vents, and cobwebs along the ceiling. There wasn't even a towel rack in the bathroom to hang our used towels - what an easy thing to provide your guests with. When we left the room during the day we'd come back to find that the cleaning lady would totally turn our heat off - not down, completely off. The walls are so thin that you will hear EVERYTHING from the neighbouring rooms - from casual conversation to water sloshing around the tub when they take their shower. This hotel is not even worth the budget price it offers. I'd definitely put some cash towards a better hotel next time.	
Nov 18 2009 	clean and good pricegood locationNot as bad as the reviews	I stayed this Hotel for one week, what I found was a very clean room and clean sheets and clean pillows on the bed and a very clean bathroom. The hotel staff was very nice and accommodating,they prepared the breakfast at 7:00 am everyday for me when I told them i must to attend my meeting before 8:00am........In fact, I didn't find any bed bugs.	
Nov 13 2009 	Good for a one night stay.	Awarded this on Priceline. A Dorval Airport property. The first thing I look for, once I've gotten past basic safety, cleanliness, and decor, is the availability of a convenient electrical outlet for my laptop. This renovated room fails the test -- no electrical plug by the bed, none along the wall beside the bed. Fortunately, I brought an extension cord and was able to jerry rig some power from the electrical plug built-in to the desk light. I'm using it to write this review. The wireless internet signal is strong (I'm on the 5th floor), and there's no sign-in mumbo-jumbo to go through.The room is clean and functional, but small. The bathroom is also quite small. Not what you usually associate with the Crowne Plaza brand. The only chair in the room is the desk chair -- the room is probably too small for an easy chair, so it's not great for curling up with a book, or watching TV from a comfortable chair. For those of you bringing your earthly treasures, there's an in-room safe. There also appears to be a locked honor bar. And, there's a bottle of something on the bed. Inspection reveals that it is a bottle of linen mist, presumably for inducing some kind of aromatherapeutic state prior to slumber.The carpets in the hallway are a strangely disturbing red-grey combo with some circley things along one side only. Do not attempt to navigate the hallway while intoxicated or on strong medications. Perhaps the in-room linen mist helps overcome the disorientation caused by walking the hallway.In the elevator waiting area, there's a blast of air from a vent in the wall that easily equals the ones used to dry a car in a car wash. I mean, the artificial tree is swaying in the breeze, and the pages of the top newspaper in the pile of newspapers are blowing.That's about it. There's a flat-screen TV on the wall; you can use it to watch the Canadian curling championships.	
Nov 13 2009 	Very good modern hotel	Very comfortable rooms with not just free internet, but in room PCs. Included continental breakfast was a bonus. Good location close to Old Town and a choice of metro stations just a short walk away.	
Nov 14 2009 	Was I staying at the same hotel as the others?	Traveling with spouse and friends for first time visit to Montreal. At check-in Bellman asked what papers we would like to receive .. got none Large rooms but both of them had extremely uncomfortable beds and pillows. Friends received turn down service we received nothing and are members of Loews First, they are not. Concierge sent us on wild goose chase that cost us quite a few bucks only to return to hotel neighborhood to find what we were looking for on our own. Beware of rooms on street side as weekend partying gets intense into the wee hours. Other Loews we have stayed at always professional and memorable. This one needs some help!	
	Great location OK hotel	Location is ideal, right in the Old Town and close to great streets of restuarants, museums and so on. The hotel is old but well kept. Out suite was small and the view was of a brick wall, but we did get a bargain deal. I'd come here again, much more character than the more modern hotels near McGill.	
Nov 10 2009 	Cheap clean and nice	The hotel was better than expected. The bathroom was nice and clean, had a bathtub with a shower head which was good. The bed was huge and there was a flat screen TV and small sofa. We booked a front view room and I don't think it was all that noisy, just regular street sounds. I would have preferred to have had a safe box in the room which was not to be found, but I liked having a fridge to store water and breakfast that we bought on our way to the hotel. The location is excellent, we walked everywhere, even to Soho.I think I will definitely stay there again, it's great for people who want to wake up early and use their time in the city well instead of in the hotel room.	
	Nice Hotel - Excellent Proximity to Subway	After the hotel that we normally stay in jacked up their rates $200 more dollars a night - I decided to look elsewhere. I booked this hotel through a &quot;Trip Advisor Deal.&quot; I got the room for $113 plus tax - which is a total bargain in the city. I expected the accomodations could be marginal for that price. We were pleasantly surprised to find completely remodeled rooms with new bathrooms. We stayed on the second floor and had a mini fridge and private bathroom. The front desk staff was super friendly. While the UW side is not exactly the most happening part of town - the hotel was conveniently located next to the Subway. We left our luggage in the lockers on the first floor when we checked out. It was nice to know our belongings were locked up and safe while we finished our siteseeing ($5 for 24 hours). Will definately say here again. BTW - the breakfasts at the 24 hour Key West diner (next door) were cheap and very good.	
Oct 8 2009 	A great simple place	We spent a few days at the Solita. The folks at the front desk were all very nice and the rooms were very clean and modern. The rooms were teeny, so if you are looking for closets or space, this is not the right place. It is great to be at the edge of soho and little italy.	
	Great deal amazing location and awesome service	The hotel is really unique and you get that sense from the minute you walk in. It has a friendly hipster vibe with a beautiful lobby and bar. At night it was a bit of a scene but rooms are very quiet. Stayed in a standard room with King size bed and was plenty big (especially by NYC standards). Bathroom was very modern but maintained the old charm of the building.I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a little different experience than your standard hotel.	
	I LOVE SOHO GRAND HOTEL!!! ;)	Hello there,I stayed at Soho Grand one time but it was a fantastic experience. The room was very noisy the first day so I asked to change the room and they gave me one at the 15th floor with great views. All staff was very nice and helpful so I left good tips ;) I am going back in January and have booked it again there.Relation quality - price: Excellent.	
	Great Value for Money	Recently stayed here with my daughter. Really nice hotel in Downtown location. Close to Soho, China Town and Greenwich Village. Subway 5 mins walk to Uptown Manhattan. Staff very friendly and helpful. Would recommend this hotel. Within a 20 min walk to the financial district, World Trade Centre and the Staten Island Ferry. Great Value for money, with a good restaurant. Rooms clean and although not big, they have everything you could want. If you want a drink there is a central tea/coffee making service on each floor.	
Nov 14 2009 	A good hotel in a great location	Having read some of the reviews I was really worried about what this hotel would be like but I needn't have been.The staff were helpful, the room was huge and extremely clean - there were 4 towels in the bathroom and they were changed as often as we wanted. We left our luggage in the secure room in the reception on the day we were due to depart and the staff even offered to organise a taxi for us. There is free internet access so we could check-in on line for our flight. All in all a good hotel in one of the best locations in town. Watch out for special offers, you can get a great price for this hotel	
	A very good choice	The Stanford is well situated in Korea town, close to Macy's and good shopping. Although we were in NYC on business we also had some downtime so we were able to enjoy the delights that the city had to offer. The rooms are on the small side, and there is only one elevator but this did not present a huge problem for us. The bathroom was clean and the sheets and towels smelled freshly laundered. We were at the back of the hotel so we overlooked other windows but this did not present a problem either as it was quieter than being street side. If you craned your neck you could just about see the sky so you were able to see what the weather was doing and dress accordingly. Breakfast was bagels, doughnuts and other carby things - buns, rolls, toast etc, but this was ok too. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. As this is in mid-town we did struggle to find restaurants other than Korean ones which stayed open late.	
	Nice Hotel...Great Location	Stayed here for my 40th B-Day. Got Studio King Suite for great rate. Very nice and big room, hardwood floors and balcony. Comfortable bed and great shower pressure. 2 elevators in hotel, one was big and the other was barely enough for 2 people with luggage. Bellman and Front desk staff were great and helpfull. Food, Starbucks, train, Whole Foods, Central Park all within steps of hotel. Overall this is great hotel and plan on staying here again in the future.	
Nov 8 2009 	Charming	We checked in at the The Lowell after a dismal night at Le Parker Meridien. We were looking for a comfortable, elegant, up-scale hotel room in a small hotel and we found just that The Lowell. We found the staff to be extremely friendly and hospitable....far from snobby as another reviewer mentioned. This is a special place where one can escape the busy city outside its doors.	
	Way better than expected loved the location.	This hotel is in a street surrounded by residential buildings and you get a real feel for what it would be like to live in the area. We found a great diner nearby (Joe Junior's) that became our regular breakfast place, a laundry that delivered, a bar on the corner (mumbles) that did great scallops in the restaurant, and were only a few blocks from Union Square's shopping, restaurants and subway. We had a room with an ensuite and were glad of it as we were there for a week. We were on the second floor, so could walk up, which was good as the lift seemed slow. It was amazingly quiet (although the air conditioning could rival a jet engine for noise, so we didn't ue it) and clean enough. The bed was a little hard and only a double, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back as the location was the real star.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great location and that was it!	Overall the hotel was not great, the only positive was it's location which was brilliant. The rooms were so small that we struggled to open the door far enough to get our suitcases in when we arrived. The room was very poorly lit therefore very dark because there was very little natural light as the window was so small and if you did open the curtains fully you got a lovely view of a brick wall. The staff on reception were not overly helpful either. The only time they were was when we were trying to arrange transport back to the airport and they forcefully tried to sell their private transfers which were more expensive!	
	Very Trendy Hotel!!!!!	We stayed here last week for 4 nights and had a great time!! We had a &quot;wonderful king&quot; on the 21st floor which was very trendy and pretty spacious with an amazing comfy bed!!!!! Location is fantastic Its bang in the middle of Times Square!!! The staff were really helpful and friendly too!!	
Nov 23 2009 	Fantastic Little Hotel	After weeks and weeks of searching for reasonably priced accomodation in a convenient location, this hotel was a like finding a diamond in the rough. Amazing location, around the corner from times square, walking distance to 5th Ave, close to several subways, my husband and I were able to walk to many NYC attractions from the hotel including Central Park. The staff were so friendly and helpful, and upgraded us to the second highest floor of the building because it was our first time to NYC (I never get upgrades!!) The rooms were small but adequate. I am very fussy when it comes to cleanliness esp in hotel rooms and this was up to my standards, I always felt comfortable &amp; safe there, it just made our trip to NYC so enjoyable. This is not a hotel where they will carry your bags upstairs or overly fuss over you, its NOT the Waldorf, its a small sophisticated boutique hotel with excellent value for money considering the rubbish offered at other places for almost double the price. Highly recommend it.	
Oct 26 2009 	Truly the Best Showers in NYC!	I booked Chambers Hotel due to its proximity to St Regis. My parents were joining my sister &amp; me in NYC a few days after we arrived and we wanted to stay somewhere close so it would be easier for us to change hotels when they got here.We spent 4 nights in a standard queen room at Chambers and I have to say I love this little boutique hotel. We arrived fairly late at night and the check in was swift and efficient. The only problem we had was attempting to spot the almost non-existent hotel name signage from a moving cab but thankfully we recognized the entrance from the photos. The lobby was small but cosy, with a modern fireplace and stairs that led up to the mezzanine. I LOVE the large industrial style elevators and even though we were going to bring the bags up ourselves, the concierge appeared and he brought it up for us a few minutes later.With only 6 rooms to a floor, it was always quiet and I must admit I never saw another guest on our floor. The hallway was dimly lit and had interesting art pieces on the walls. I also loved that the room numbers were on the floor, although it may confuse the first time visitor!Even though we booked the smallest room (and I was expecting it to be extremely tiny from the traveler photos here), I was surprised to find that it was actually quite spacious and very nicely decorated. A longish corridor led from the room door, passing an empty space for your luggage, an ottoman, a closet and the bathroom, to the main room area, which had a hidden mini-fridge, flat-screen tv, console, glass desk, armchair and queen bed. And I absolutely loved the details! The industrial style lighting was awesome, the desk chair unique, there was a solid wood mini side-table next to the armchair and a roll of drawing paper on the desk with colour pencils to scribble with til your heart's content. The room had so many lighting features which made it easy to light the room exactly how you want it, and it was definitely bright enough to do some reading in bed. There is no centralized control system though so you do have to flick the switch on and off manually (though the main lights have a switch by the bed), but I felt the old-school switch plates just added to the cool industrial chic feel of the hotel.Our bathroom didn't come with a tub, but we didn't mind. It was small but still a decent size, with enough space to move around without knocking into anything. The sink was nice and large and if I did have to make a complaint it would be that the sink didn't have a stopper so there was no way to collect water. There is also no lock on the door so that may or may not be a concern depending who you're traveling with. The shower itself was absolutely fantastic though and I wish I could take it home with me! However, there's only a partial shower screen so the water does tend to splash a bit. The water temperature is also fairly hot so you'll want to turn it down as cold as it can get and work your way up from there. Another thing to take note as well is that the hooks and railings are pretty high up. I'm 5'1&quot; and had no problems, but if you're three or more inches shorter, that might be a bit of an issue! Also, the bathroom could use a fan or blower of some sort to help with the ventilation. It gets really steamy in the bathroom when you're showering with hot water, the mirror gets fogged and it gets densely humid! Other than that, I loved the fact that the bathroom floor wasn't cold even though it was almost freezing out.The bed was firm and comfortable, and the room had french windows you could open to let some fresh air in, although the view of the office building behind wasn't something you'd want to gaze at all the time.We ordered room service once and I have to say the food was good! The restaurant was closed for renovation while we were there and we didn't try the free continental breakfast so I have no comments on that. But there are lots of food options all around so you really won't go hungry.Service was also very good. There was only one staff who seemed a little less friendly, but she was still nice and courteous, it's just that everyone else was super nice and cheerful all the time! Housekeeping was also very good, although they stopped giving us our free bottled water and chocolates on the last couple of nights because we hadn't consumed them! I'm sure they would have topped it up if we had though. Also, they didn't refill the used up toiletries (perhaps we didn't stay long enough for the cycle), but they did have lovely fresh towels everyday. There was also a slight billing issue when we noticed a $20 room service charge that wasn't ours, but they rectified the situation and removed it from the bill once we informed them.Location wise, this hotel is fantastic. Just a minute from all the shops and sights of Fifth Avenue, and even Times Square is only a 15 minute walk away. The subway is a couple of streets away too and it was generally very easy to get around. The street is a little dark at night though, but it's very safe, although garbage collection happens out front every late night (it doesn't stink though) around 11ish or so.Overall, i really enjoyed staying at Chambers and actually miss the hotel. I wish we could have stayed right through instead of having to shift to St Regis halfway through our trip! Hopefully, I'll be back!	
	great value for money hotel	95 a night for two people great value hotel. we got hot breakfast included in the price.great locaton 10 mins walk from Macy's and empire state building and just 1 block from subway . newish hotel so bathroom etc nice and clean, modern rooms wiht flat screen tv. I was on 19th floor so had fab views of the city skyline.would recomend this hotel to all age groups , clean, modern and great value for money.	
Oct 27 2009 	Sweet touch to NYC !!	I spent a quick weekend with my girlfriend in NYC at this place and we both LOVED it! We booked last minute and got a great rate.... our room was so cozy we didn't want to leave. The staff, especially Sakena, were delightful, quick to help and got us a car booked when we left. Like a great home. See you again 414. Best of Luck!	
Jun 26 2008 	Never again	I was looking forward to this place; so close to Central Park. But the room was very old feeling, very spartan. Air conditioning did not work well. Paid over $400 and they forgot shampoo. The linen wasn't good. There are no bathrobes. Permanent residents are also in this hotel; which is weird - seeing them in their robes etc. Won't go back, that is for sure.	
Nov 23 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	After a long journey from london, they have a pool you can relax in until 9:30pm(the view is amazing from the pool...) not to mention a sauna and steam facility. We had a superior room which was great, the view was just other rooms, but we didn't really need a view. It was a wonderful hotel, brilliant staff and the overall appearance makes it feel grand. the location is fantastic too, right opposite trump towers(and for all you shoppers, its right on 5th avenue.....i.e. Zara, Armani Exchange, Cartier, F.A.O Schwartz, H&amp;M and many more, walking distance to central park and about 5-10 mins walking from times square. be warned though, the hotel is expensive, massages cost a fortune!! and room service.....is literally pocket emptying....(although if you walk out the front door there are several hot dog stands!!)Overall wonderful experience, i would definitely stay there again....	
Nov 18 2009 	Fun!	Stayed overnight with Marriott points and was treated very well as a Silver Elite member. Packet with the keys included a voucher for a free bar appetizer between 5-10pm. Unfortunately early dinner reservations and a show meant we weren't around to take advantage of the offer. The concierge did make reservations for us and recommended DB Bistro Moderne which was EXCELLENT!I thought it odd that the doorman did not come out to meet cab and stayed in the entrance just hitting the handicap button to open the door. Check in was flawless, the staff friendly and our room was ready at 10:00am! Bellman offered to bring our small bags up to the room but there was no need. The room was small, but clean and with a great view of 57th and Lexington. Unfortunately there was no toilet paper or hair/body products in the bathroom, but the chambermaid was in the hall and this was quickly rectified. The bed and pillows were very comfy!There are 2 Starbucks just right outside and a great place for breakfast just next door.Overall, a great experience and a fun overnight. Would go back again and try out the bar.	
	Clean Convenient BUT SUPER SMALL- Guess That's Normal for NY	Stayed here for our 1yr anniversary. In comparison to other hotels in Manhattan (which are expensive!), it was relatively reasonable, though still expensive YET expected- Hey, its Manhattan! Located a few blocks from the subway, which made it perfect to travel anywhere! We even took the train from the airport, straight to our hotel (via the AirTrain).. A LOT faster and A TON cheaper than taking the cab- so this alone made it worth while! Staff was helpful, but the hotel is TINY! Looks like they carved it out from a side of a building. Their lobby area is small, so it wasn't too much surprise that our queen bed room was equally as small. Literally, once we opened the door, the restroom was half a foot to the right, about 6-8 steps straight was the bed, and probably a foot and a half between the bed and the TV. The place is so small, they didn't even have room for a regular closet, so they had a separate wooden closet unit in the room. We made do, as we weren't there to stay in the room (even if we wanted to, it was way to small to do the &quot;romantic lounging-in-the-room for a day)..but that made us get out. SO, overall, it was good for the location, clean and safe. BUT, if you're looking for an average size room, or a romantic ambience to your room, OR a place to comfortably lounge in during your stay, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE. But if you're going to be out and about, and just want a place to crash, or having a big room is not a big deal...then you'll be fine here.	
Nov 22 2009 	The location can't even make up for what I'm about to say.....	Let me start by saying that I'm one of the most easygoing and calm people ever! I simply don't mind about small mistakes, BUT, this one was very very big! The hotels staff is simply very ghetto, rude and not classy at all... Here is briefly what happened; I had guests traveling all the way from Europe to NYC and they wanted to stay at this hotel. So, they made their reservations 2 weeks ago, received a confirmation letter and took the flight all the way to here...ONLY to be told by the front desk upon their arrival that their card was declined..Doesn't sound &quot;that&quot; abnormal, right ? Well, this was a PREPAID reservation (which means, at the time of the reservation they charge you!) and they got a confirmation e-mail welcoming them to the hotel (extra fancy as they were Platinum Starwood Preferred Guest members). And, the very very very very unprofessional and very uneducated annoying front desk clerk literally said &quot;Oh, that's not my problem sir! They should have checked their credit card balance everyday!&quot;.. This is W Hotel at Union Square, not a $50/night student motel in Bronx! And, when I asked why weren't they notified at the time of the reservation or during the TWO WEEK period between the reservation and their arrival about this decline issue, the annoying front desk supervisor gave me a very simple answer &quot;Oh we don't do that! We can't deal with all the customer's card issues!&quot;... Yes, you let them fly 10 hours to New York City and tell them that their card is declined and not even apologize for your attitude... When I asked to the other front desk clerk &quot;How many managers do you have at this hotel ?&quot; With a very rude tone, he said &quot;We have several&quot;. Then I asked &quot;How many and who are they ?&quot;, he unbelievably replied; &quot;I SAID SEVERAL, OK ?!&quot;... My guests are people who stay in many different Starwood Hotels all over the world (including W Hotels in US and abroad) and again, they had high-balanced Starwood Preferred Guest Cards and a freaking confirmation letter! Yet, this terrible and unbelievably unprofessional attitude.. I simply cannot believe it... The much reasonably priced hotel I was staying two blocks away (Hotel Giraffe) had amazing staff, despite its price. And, when I called all the necessary people about this, they weren't much helpful and one representative guy on the phone literally said &quot;So what do you want ?! Free nights or something?&quot; And, I learned that out of all of the W Hotels in NYC, only the Union Square one is INDIVIDUALLY OWNED! Which probably explains it.. So, make yourself a favor; save your couple of grand and get a different W Hotel or a different hotel in Manhattan!... This is a mistake that shouldn't have been done in the first place for an 8-night reservation for foreign travelers, let alone not apologizing for it on top of the ghetto attitude...	
	Nice hotel	I agree with great service and very nice room. We upgraded to a one bedroom suite and it felt like we were in our apartment in NYC. A nice apartment at that. Everyone was very helpful.Now onto the opinion side of things. This is a great hotel if you want to be in a residential part of NYC and not close to the big attraction. If you want to party, stay in the meatpacking district. This is not a party hotel. It does have a nice bar downstairs, but you are not getting in at night just because you stay there. The rooftop was a dissapointment because it was enclosed and stuffy and not much of a view. If you wanna party ,stay at the Standard. If you want a rooftop, check out the Gansevoort. This hotel just seemed dark and stuffy. The W-Union Square, which is close by and closer to hustle and bustle, looked more airy and more people hanging out in lobby.I think I was just looking for a little bit more fun hotel. This hotel is a good place if you want a quiet getaway to NYC and want to stay in your room. Which I don't know who is looking for that? Celebs that don't want paprazzi? It is a &quot;nice hotel&quot; just not what I was looking for this time in NYC.	
	Great Location That's it...	My sisters, mother, sister-in-law and I ended up staying at this hotel because we booked it through priceline.com by naming our own price. Because we booked the room on priceline.com, it was only a single bed, which would not work for all of us, so I called the hotel and asked that we upgrade the room to two double beds, and it was no trouble at the time. I called two days before we left to make sure that we were all set and the reservationist said we were still fine for the two double beds with the upgrade fee.When we arrived, we waited almost an hour to check-in because there was a &quot;glitch&quot; with our priceline.com reservation. Apparently the reservationist was not supposed to upgrade our room and they only have 10 rooms with two double beds in the ENTIRE hotel. The manager, Chris, came and straightened everything out, although him saying that he was going to &quot;take care&quot; of the person who did this was not very tactful to me.They only have two, very small, elevators and when you reach the hallways, they are very dark and narrow. I was amazed that the bellhop fit the baggage cart in the elevator! We ended up taking the stairs multiple times because we waited so long for an elevator.We were pleased to see that the hotel was steps from Time Square which made it very convenient to get to everything! Personally, I think this is the best thing about the hotel.We did need ice a few times and found it almost amusing that they didn't have one ice machine in the entire hotel! We had to call room service every time we needed ice (complementary).There was no fridge in the room, so we had to store our leftovers in the employee fridge, which was inconvenient. We should have checked before we left, but not all of our leftovers made it back to us. I think some of them were put in a different spot. Oh well, no Little Italy for the husband back home.Overall, the experience at the hotel was average. The main reason why we would return is the location. So, I would recommend this hotel as long as people know that they are paying for location and not the basic amenities in the hotel.	
	A pleasant Thanksgiving surprise!	I stayed at this hotel during the Thanksgiving holiday and was not only very surprised but very pleased! All hotel accomodations were great. My room had a very comfortable king bed &amp; I slept like a baby! Continental breakfast was great! Hotel bar was great! I'll be staying at this hotel again! Location! ws fabulous!	
Nov 24 2009 	Expensive 	Really expensive but the rooms were immaculate and beautiful. I was in town and my niece came over to the hotel room after I was done doing sales calls for my clients and she even commented on how beautiful the room was. Expensive but the company spotted the bill anyway this time. I don't know if i would ever be willing to spend that kind if money on my own but it was a beautiful and exceptional gorgeous hotel. Location was nice but parking was not the best of situations. Train station nearby and tons of taxis though so that might make it easier on someone without a car. I unfortunately needed a car and parking was just murder.	
Nov 21 2009 	Shockingly quiet and spacious hotel - one of the best deals in NYC	Stayed here two nights and not only is it very centrally located (not the best neighborhood, but you can get around easily) but the hotel is clean, spacious - yes, especially by NYC standards - and amazingly quiet. This is not a luxury hotel, but it is well appointed, with very comfortable beds, a friendly staff, clean, and cheap. Couldn't recommend a budget-type hotel higher.	
Oct 11 2009 	Absoutely Amazing !!!	I Am HONORED To Write A Review On The Franklin Hotel !!! I MUST Give A HUGE Thank You To Showkat And Francelle, They Added An EXTRA Plus On The A++++++ That I Am Giving The Franklin Hotel !!! From The Moment That We Arrived On The Door Step, To The Moment We Checked Out... EVERYTHING Was PERFECT !!! I Arranged For A ROMANTIC Get-Away For My Husband And My 26TH Wedding Anniversary, And I Could NOT Have Picked A BETTER Place !!! From The Quaint Sitting Area, To The 24 Hour Cafe'... We BOTH Loved It ALL !!! The Complimentary Breakfast Was WONDERFUL, EVERYTHING Was Delicious... And SO FRESH !!! And I Must Say How AMAZING The Wine In The Evening Was, It Was Such A WONDERFUL Way To Wind Down Our Hectic Days... PERFECT !!! I Have To Say That I Would HIGHLY RECOMMEND The Franklin Hotel To EVERYONE !!! We Will DEFINITELY Be Staying At The Franklin Hotel AGAIN, I Will NOT Even Look Elsewhere... I Have Found The PERFECT Place For US !!! Again, THANK YOU Showkat And Francelle... WE HAD AN AMAZING STAY AT THE FRANKLIN HOTEL, And The Two Of YOU Desreve KUDOS !!! :)	
Nov 18 2009	Mary's Going Off to College Bash	Neal Buker etc. We didn't have much of a view but that is a really good way to save money in an expensive hotel in the city. Don't stay on the park side! It was a two bedroom suite ans in1990 it was only like 250.00 per night in a 4 star hotel.	
	Big clean room reasonable price and the most comfortable bed	I stayed here with my 8-year-old while visiting family. The room was much larger and cheaper than other NYC hotels in which we have stayed. It's old in an elegant way. There is room to move around, and everything is in its place. My son kept talking about the soft bed for the rest of our trip. He didn't want to leave, and he complained when we had to switch hotels later in the week. The next hotel was much smaller and more expensive. The Roger Smith was clean, and the sheets and towels were new. We'll book ahead next time to stay here. It's close to Grand Central train station.	
Nov 22 2009 	NOT WHAT WE BOOKED	I have just returned from NY having stayed in the Avalon for a week. On arrival our rooms that had been booked 6 months in advance had been given away and a very rude and unfriendly receptionist called Carolina gave us no hearing what so ever. She was awful to deal with. After great debating however and reminding her tht we were about to pay $6000 dollars for all of us - low and behold our rooms appeared and finally got the rooms we had ordered. The porters were so nice they were so helpful and nice , Abby couldn't do enough for you. The hotel rooms however were very clean, breakfast good, hotel very central, - Keys did not work in any of our rooms however. rooms were warm and comfortable. If i was to stay here again i would ring and make sure that my rooms ordered were available as i feel if you pay for a suite you should get one	
Nov 17 2009 	Nice hotel - good value for your money	I stayed here for 1 night over the weekend during a business trip. First time I stayed over in NY, and picked this hotel as I got a good deal on the price (&gt;200 dollar).Hotel service was nice (umbrella for loan, friendly staff...) and gave me a comfortable feeling upon check-in. The location of the hotel was not perfect, but close to a subway and I really did not ask for more. The room and general areas in teh hotel are clean and modern, views outside of the window are not great, but for an overnight stay, I really did not need/want to pay for a prime location. I did not use the restaurant/bar of teh hotel, so no opinion on the quality/ambiance. Overall I would recommend this hotel to other business travellers.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Hotel for Families	Great Hotel HUGE by NYC standards good beds clean nice and well taken care of !all in all a very good hotelA word of Warning aboutr &quot;black cars&quot; vs taxis taxis are usually WAY cheaper and metered please please if you have any questions ask your bellman.	
	NIce hotel unbelievable noise from WTC site	My husband and I just sepnd three days in NYC for a friend's wedding; the Millenium Hilton was chosed as the hotel for the wedding party and guest. First. the pluses: the hotel is elegant and well appointed; we stayed in a junior suite on the 21st floor, with views of Manhattan and the WTC construction site, as well as the Hudson river - can't beat that! Compared to the average NYC room, the Millenium Hilton has spacious rooms; even the bathroom was large. The bed was very comfortable.For the minuses: construction at the WTC sites goes on overnight with no interruption - the first night I had no sleep at all! In addition to the unbeliavable construction noise, the fact that the hotel facade is completely open now exposes it to wind - and we had very strong gusts of wind - if felt like the windows were about to break. So, despite the comfy bed, no sleep for me. Thsi really ruined the experience.... Another (smaller) issue was that the restaurant is closed between 2 and 5 PM , and in this time frame there is not even room service - we arrived at 1:45 and were refused service. Minor point if you can go out to a local eatery, but we were in a hurry to get somewhare and had no time to spare. Also, the concierge recommended a nearby italain restaurant that was in fact closed (at least you should know if you are the concierge!) I would recommed this hotel only to people who are not bothered by loud, constant noises throughout the night; or I would suggest waiting until major contruction at the WTC is over ( a couple of years?)	
Nov 19 2009 	Chic boutique hotel in the heart of the financial district	Usually when I come to NYC, I stay in SoHo or the Lower East Side. If you plan to go out in those areas or even up in the East Village or Chelsea, this hotel is a bit out of the way. But the price can't be beat for a Thompson boutique hotel. The subway is close by but Fulton Station is not easy to figure out. You'll also need to transfer to get to where you need to be. Some of the direct lines to that area also don't run on the weekends. The hotel will call a taxi for you so getting out of the area is not an issue...I stayed in a standard room the first night and then upgraded to their biggest suite, both were really great. Really SOFT and heavenly beds. Service was friendly but sometimes slow as they didn't have enough people working the front desk. I'm still working through a dispute with the hotel as their housekeeping through out one of my shopping bags. Usually for the amount of money spent here, I wouldn't have to go through this much trouble for a reimbursement. However, management has been courteous throughout this situation.There is only breakfast room service but many restaurants in the area also deliver. Since you will be in the financial district, many of the neighborhood bars and restaurants might be closed. I'd really only recommend this location if you know the city well and will not be around the hotel much.	
	What a Great Hotel!	My family &amp; I stayed here this past week. The room was a good size with 2 double beds; 2 side chairs; a desk; walk in closet; kitchenette and bathroom! The room was clean and the front desk staff was very helpful / friendly! The location was superb (2 blocks from Central Park) and several local eateries were within 1 block! The only negative was the street noise throughout the night (windows were closed but must be thin). For the price though - a great find in NYC!!	
Nov 5 2009 	mildew and pubic hair but close to times square	This hotel is near Times Square and all the touristy action. It's also on a major intersection and is a low-rise building, so expect lots of noise when you're sleeping. The window was broken which made for a cold breezy evening in November. (Heat not yet on). The bathroom had lots of mildew and pubic hair. It was the same pubic hairs from one day to the next. Do they not clean? I am a big fan of low budget places and hostels, but I wouldn't stay here again.	
	hot rooms good views good location	The New York Helmsley is two-and-a-half blocks from Grand Central Station and even closer to the Chrysler Building, Bryant Park all on the same street. Shopping is real close, Starbucks and other local little places to grab a snack. The NY Helmsley is within walking distance to Madison Sq Garden (20 min), Radio City Music Hall (15 min), Rockefeller Center, Times Sq.. (15 min) brisk walking. Great location. We stayed on the 36 floor and the room had a nice view, in my opinion. The opposite side of the hotel has a view of The Empire State Building, our side had The Chrysler Building if we looked out to the side, diagonally to the left, and to the right you could see part of the Queensboro Bridge. The room was HOT, warm at best. There are no controls for the air at all and we kept the window open the whole 4 days we were there. No lobby or restaurant due to renovations, which we were told would be done mid December, but we knew that when we booked. Rooms were pretty clean other than finding a sock under a bed from someone else's stay. Towels, bathroom soaps were great and robes were provided. NO coffee pots in rooms, NO refrigerators, NO microwaves in rooms. Dbl beds seemed small from what I am used to, but they were very comfortable!! I would stay again for the right price.	
	Very disappointed	Rude staff; not a good value for the price; security check to go to your room; small &amp; claustrophobic room; inconvenient bed; loud music from the bar on the first floor could be on the fourth floor late at night. Will not be going there again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Good for writer/reseachers	I needed to spend several days at the New York Public library to finish research for my book - A VAST AND FIENDISH PLOT - The Confederate Attack on New York City (coming March 2010 from Kensington Press in NYC). The Dylan is only 4 blocks from the library, making this the IDEAL hotel for someone who needs to do research. The rooms were clean, if a little small, but you only sleep there. I did not try the hotel restaurant, but the prices there seemed high to me. Wife and I attended a play while in town and we walked from the hotel to the theater district. This will likely be the favored hotel when we need to come to NYC again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Pleasant central HI Express Times Square South	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nites this past weekend. The hotel is squeezed in between 2 other affialiated hotels, a candlewood suites and a hampton inn. Location is on 39th street,about 150 feet from the corner of 9th ave-- 4 block walk to times square. 9th is better to walk at night to TS as 39th street is mostly businesses closed by 6pm and deserted. Rooms are compact on the order of a Eureopean hotel room, with about two feet of space on the side of the K bed near the window. Breakfeast and free internet are available, making for a nice savings on the rate. Rooms are quiet-we were on the 32nd fl and heard no street noise nor from adjacent rooms-4 rooms to a floor, 36 floors. Hotel is less than 1 year old so rooms are fresh and comfortable. One of the elevators seemed to be fast and the other slow. Staff is friendly and hotel concierge is helpful. Nearest subway is 8th/42. Good restaurant choices in Hells Kitchen area/restaurant row-try our favorite, Hell's Kitchen for upscale mexican and Basiliica across the street for the prixe fixe pre-theatre special. For theatre tickets, 50% off tyr the Visitor's Ino Cetner at 7th/53. All other things being equal , because of the location, I would stay at the Marriott Courtyard Times Sq on 40th/7th as that hotel is better situated toTS and more amenities. See prior review.	
Nov 5 2009 	Fantastic experience	We stayed for a week in the Library suite. We have two teenagers so it was ideal, as the full height sliding screen effectively creates a second bedroom. Its really spacious - amazing for Manhattan - with full kitchen and dining facilities. The high ceilings also add to the atmosphere. You wont find anything else like it in New York - the complete opposite to the standardised chain hotel room. Its more like a high quality guest house, with each suite occupying one floor. So dont expect a lift, fitness centre, restaurant or swimming pool. But do expect to feel you're someone's guest. The location is perfect - close enough to shops, attractions, museums etc yet far enough away to be quiet. Also the Metro is close by - we had an unlimited metrocard which worked well. And the Metro station is on an express line as well. The service is spot on - always there, friendly, will respond to all reasonable requests, yet is unobtrusive. The fridge is stocked and restocked with everything for a good breakfast together with homemade cake and nibbles. One morning, as we were about to venture out into the rain Alana offered us umbrellas. We have only a few small gripes, and none of this impacted on our enjoyment. The room was quite dark so we had the lights on all the time. Locking and unlocking the front door is quite an involved exercise.	
Nov 26 2009 	Great location; would definitely return at the right price	I stayed here in November for a quick weekend trip. I wanted to be in Chelsea because I was going to the Joyce Theatre twice during the weekend. The hotel is in a great central location in Chelsea with lots of great restaurants and the Highline a very short walk away. Yes, the rooms are very small. I have only stayed in a smaller room once (at The Paramount in mid-town). It worked for me because I was by myself and had very little luggage since it was only a two night stay. I got a really good rate on the property's own website - $139/night - and I would not hesitate to stay here again at that type of rate. I would probably not stay here at a rate higher than say $210 or so a night. (When I tried to add on the preceding Thursday night to my weekend stay, they wanted $299 for it.)I had a room on the 2nd floor on the west side of the building so I had absolutley no street noise from 8th Ave. I could hear every time someone on my corridor opened and closed their door but fortunately it was not a big problem. The lighting in the room was great. The room did have a moldy smell that I noticed as soon as I walked in - I think the bathroom shower tile was the culprit. The free wireless Internet was great but... it blocks vpn access so I ended up using my Verizon card much of the time.	
Nov 4 2009 	Delightful little hotel nestled in the midst of all the action in Time Square.	My 18 yr old daughter and I stayed at the hotel for 6 days in Oct. This was my second trip to NYC. I had stayed at a larger more pricey hotel on Times Square fall of 2008. I had read the reviews and liked the location so I chose Hotel 41.What a cozy little hotel! The hotel is in a great location to the bus stops, theaters, shopping, eating, and countless other tourist attractions. It was quiet, clean, and the staff was friendly and very helpful with inormation and directions. It is on a block off Times Square, but only a very short walking distance and you are on Times Square. The hotel is one block from the Broadway district, which was ideal. Every a.m. the hotel serves bagels, pastry, juice, coffee etc. The room was quite small, but it is NYC and we did not spend much time in our room. I was looking for a hotel centrally located to everything and reasonably priced and Hotel 41 was a hit! I plan to return to NYC in two yrs. I will not even consider another hotel. I travel often and Hotel 41 was a wonderful experience. As I said, small, quiet and clean!If you are looking for a fancy hotel with large rooms Hotel 41 is not for you. If you want a quiet, clean hotel with easy access to Time Square and Broadway, bus stops, shopping, eating etc then Hotel 41 is for you.Marilyn, Green Bay, Wi.	
	Best location!!!	We stayed from a Monday morning until the Friday evening, and had no complaints.With 5th Avenue a few seconds walk away, the Rockefeller Plaza and Centre just over the road, and Central Park less than ten minutes, we couldn't have chosen a better location. We had already read a review, telling us that the hotel was good for business or just couples (not families) because the rooms are small. Who plans to stay in their room much, when in New York, anyway?! Check-in was quick. The hotel felt new and was really clean. The cleaning service for our room, was exceptional, -even though we would've saved on towels and re-used, there were clean ones daily, along with new bottles of shampoo, body lotion, mouth wash etc etc. We didn't eat in the restaurant, so cannot comment on that, -only because we were always out and about, though, and had other plans....we didn't even ever have breakfast in the hotel. -we were drawn to the Concourse level of the Rockefeller, for breakfast, on several occasions, -as such a good variety, and brilliant places to sit, watching the world go by. We had poured over SO many ideas for a New York hotel, but, in the end, picked one that was ideal.	
Nov 22 2009 	Still working out the kinks	I took advantage of the rough draft special at Ink 48- 48% off normal rates. Note to those reading: the normal rates are incredibly high for a hotel located in a neighborhood of car dealerships (but relatively close to times square).I booked a junior suite and was housed on the 11th floor in an amazing gorgeous room. Note that despite being absolutely huge those rooms have only one moderate size window that looked out on the hudson river. The room had a gigantic soaking tub and an amazing shower. Unfortunately on my first morning in that room I was awoken to a loud jackhammering noise coming from the single window in my gigantic room. It turns out that they are actually still removing bricks (or something like that) from the rear of the building (and they were doing it to the floor below mine. I cannot believe that they would actually house me in a room that would be adjacent to that sort of work on at 8:45 on a Saturday morning. When I called the front desk I could not even hear what they were saying over the noise of the work.As a result of the mishap I was upgraded to a stunning (even more gigantic) full hudson river suite, which had walls and walls of windows. It was an amazing quiet room. If I were to book rooms again I would go with the full hudson river suite over the jr. suite. This hotel has to have some of the largest rooms in all of manhattan.All in all I probably would pick another hotel over Ink 48 because it was too much out of the way. I am still amazed that Kimpton would have jackhammers working outside an 11th floor suite, but the front desk handled the matter very well. I'm certain with time things will fall into place.	
	Excellent location and wont break the bank	We stayed at the Wolcott, and would recommend it to anyone. The rooms are large and clean. Maid service everyday. All the staff are very friendly. Located 2 blocks away from the Empire State Building, so its very conviniently placed. Only the bathroom was a little on the small side. Otherwise the rooms are very clean.The entrance foyer is particularily impressive for a budget hotel.Complimentary coffee and muffins for breakfast as well.This hotel makes a great base for exploring Manhattan. Not far from Macy's, and Herald Square.	
	An ideal spot for visiting Manhattan	As many previous reviewers have chronicled, the staff, the breakfast, the afternoon wine and cheese all make The Library Hotel a special place and worth the bit extra it will cost over a big-box location. We also appreciated the central location *and* the fact that, in a business district, there is not so much traffic on the streets at night. It was possible to open the window and still sleep. The rooftop bar is lovely, if busy during happy hour. Grand Central is just around the corner; you can go uptown, downtown, or crosstown with ease. We will definitely return for our next nyc visit.	
Nov 8 2009 	Best value hotel on NYC	We stayed here for four nights in a double room with a shared bathroom. The bathroom was on another floor and was a little worried about traffic, however there was never a queue and it was always clean. Hotel is in an excellent location and the manual operated lift was great fun. The double room was big with a large bed and cable tv.	
Oct 3 2009 	Too far from the heart of New York	The main issue we have with this place is that it's not a motel / hotel set up - it's run by private owners and basically there are only 3 rooms spread throughout the terrace (not the entire terrace like what we thought was the case). Problem with that is there's no internet or phone facilties which is a real nightmare when it comes to travellers. no doubt the owners will be more than happy to help when we ask for assistance but when you are out early and back late it's not convenient to knock on their doors when you need to book that train /bus tickets late at night. Location is too far from heart of new york. While i wouldn't say it's dangerous, it's a silent brisk walk back from the train station each night and a sigh of relief when we finally get into the room. It's a 20 min train (at least) to Times Sq as it's on a non-express train. Personally i think it's a waste of time travelling up and down each day esp when you are a tourist. With this in mind the price is rather steep for such a neighbourhood.Rooms and facilities are still ok - but of course sans housekeeping so you will be better off getting a lower class hotel in the city with about the same price. Bear in mind also their cancellation policy.overall i think it's not too bad but just not my cup of tea and definitely not deserving of the reviews/ranking it has so far. i don't mind staying here if i am on a working stint but not as a tourist strap for time and needing the basic internet.	
	Perfect location in the heart of Manhattan luxurious room and exceptional staff!!!	My stay at the Hotel Mela was a wonderful experience. This is a boutique hotel where the staff and the ambiance makes you immediately feel at home. The lobby is small but very comfortable. The accommodations were spacious and comfortable, and the bedding luxurious. The location was great, just a block from the walking mall and any nightlife you would be interested in. I look forward to my return to NYC and will not hesitate to stay at Hotel Mela again!!	
Nov 22 2009 	Clean Comfortable and all round good hotel	I not long returned from this hotel. We arrived at the hotel at 2pm and the reception staff were very friendly and checked in striaght away, reception also provided us a street map which is very helpful and used thru out my stay. We were on the 8th floor at the back of the hotel so the view was of office blocks but didnt bother us as you dont spend any time in your room and at night we heard no noise! The room were smallish but once again you dont spend much time in your room, however they were very up-to-date and we had 2 double beds in the room (requested twin beds) the beds were so comfortable and was like sleeping on a cloud!!! Another bonus was there was plenty of pillows too which you dont usual find in hotels!!! Towels were provided as well as the standard shower gels and soap. A free paper was at your door every morning. The hotel includes breakfast which was great, there was cerals, toast, muffins, and a couple of hot opitions such as egg, bacon this changed each morning which was good as always something different to have, coffee, tea and juices. One night we asked reception where the nearest place we could get a tea from and they allowed us to get one from the dining room free of charge which was good service. There is also an ATM in the hotel., and a fitness centre free of charge which to be honest I didnt use so didnt go to see it, free sercure wi-fi at the hotel too. The hotel I thought was a great location just one block from Macys and Empire State Building, times square was an easy walk away. We timed from the hotel to 59th St where Central park starts and it took 45 mins at a steady pace. As our flight was in the evening the hotel kept hold of our bags for us and even locked away my laptop and ordered us a taxi to the airport. All in all a great hotel and would stay here again when I return to NY,	
Nov 3 2009 	Comfortable hotel with great customer service	We travelled to New York with our 8 month old son and felt when we booked we would need cooking amenities and this hotel provided all we would need and more. They were extremely helpful from the moment of arrival to the moment of departure, including directing us to a great diner nearby and changing the crib they provided for a smaller size (american cribs are very large) they gave us a bassinette which is a travel cot! The front of house staff were always very friendly, no matter what time of day or night and the maid service were superb and catered for our family's needs very well. Although there is work on a new subway branch going on nearby I would certainly not let this put you off staying here as it did not bother us at all as and we were on the side of the work and on a lower floor. Although it is located a little further out than a central location like Times Square, the nearby subway meant that nowhere was further away than 20 minutes at the most.	
	Great Staff but Not what it used to be	Staff is great. Breakfast is excellent. Rooms are comfortable.Internet spotty at best and sometimes non-existent. Not enough Elevators, but that can not be helped now.The prices keep going up and the level of service keeps going down.The two night &quot;social&quot; is amusing.Won't do that again....	
	Outstanding	This hotel was once an apartment building that has been converted into a hotel. We had a corner apt on the 19th floor. We felt like tru new yorkers! And, theres a restaurant on the 26th floor with terraces as well. It was just an awesome experience! Im definitely staying there again.	
	Would not recommend this hotel	We stayed with Loews hotel in November 2009 and booked a non-smoking twin room. On arrival we were given a smoking double room. When we pointed out the error we were told that the room type was not guaranteed and were given very little by way of apology. We were met with a similar response when the issue was raised again on check out. In addition to the poor service, the hotel looked very tired and was in need of refurbishment. The location is good but there are much better hotels in the area for a similar price.	
	I LOVE THE POD!!!	I would totally recommend the Pod Hotel for friends!My trip do NYC was in July, for leisure, and alone. I took a single room with shared bathroom and was perfect for me, just perfect, because the room was very small, but there was only me and fit everything; and the shared bathroom is great, on my 10 days there, everytime I went to the bathroom (only two per floor, but great) was empty, I never had problems to have to wait for someone, no...and the hotel was full, but my floor was so quiet, I really love it. And the decoration is awesome, so cool, perfect for young people, but nice for everybody! The location is good and the value is really great.I have no doubts my next travel to NY I will stay on The Pod again!	
	Beautiful classy hotel	We booked this hotel in June for November and had not read any TripAdvisor reviews. After reading some particularyly disturbing stories of shabby bedrooms and poor service and even ladies of the night going about their business in the hotel I would have been tempted to book elsewhere but my friend had paid in full when she booked so this was not an option. I received an e mail from hilton concierge services prior to our departure and replied by telling them that I was concerned about the standard of the rooms after reading some bad reviews and requested a refurbished room. I recieved a reply stating that my request had been noted and if a refurbished room was available at the time of check in they would comply with my request. On arrival we checked in two hours early to be told that our room was ready and we went straight up to the 12th floor. Our room was absolutely fine and clean overlooking a very quiet courtyard so I was extremely relieved! We explored the public areas of the hotel which are absolutely beautiful . This is a really impressive hotel with a fascinating history. Everyone in the hotel was more than helpful , the service from all the staff was first class and we could not have asked for more. The barman mixed me a cocktail which was delicious nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff anywhere in the hotel. As this trip was a 50th birthday present from my friend to me the hotel put a bottle of sparking wine and a lovely welcome letter in our room which was a very considerate touch. In conclusion I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone. We had a lovely time here and would return in the future.	
	Absolutely wonderful	This hotel was recently renovated and is beautifully done. It is located on the Upper West Side and is across the street from the Fairway market which is one the greatest grocery stores. The hotel rooms come with complete kitchen. We really enjoyed our stay here.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Location -	I just got back from NYC with my husband and six year old daughter. We stayed for three nights at the Night Hotel. We booked through Priceline and we got a good deal. Good thing we got a good deal and the hotel was in a convenient location because from our point of view that's about all it has going for it. I don't really care about the decor or the fact that it's trying really hard to be this &quot;goth&quot; getaway while the majority of travellers staying at the hotel were anything but goth. What really bothered us was the way we were greeted at the front desk and the lack of pretty basic hotel services. After we booked online with Priceline, my husband called the hotel to request a king bed. He was told that they wouldn't guarantee the request, but they would try. That was fine. When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted at the front desk by a less than pleasant employee who loudly told us (and the rest of the lobby) that because we booked with Priceline we would be getting the cheapest room in the hotel. We could upgrade to a king for an extra $30 a night. We chose to take the &quot;cheapest room&quot; in the hotel. There was nothing wrong with the size of the room (it's NYC - space is at a premium) and a queen size bed was fine.Rather than concentrating on the black and white interiors and the nude photos in the front lobby, or the music pumped into the halls, or the business cards with your name on them and words &quot;in residence&quot; printed for you, they need to concentrate on a few other things. Things like sheets that fit the bed (they use flat sheets that aren't big enough so they pull out from the under the mattress), replacing used or almost gone supplies (we had to ask for toilet paper, shampoo and conditioner), and ensuring that the &quot;queen&quot; sized bed is just that. My husband is 6'2&quot; and I am 5'11' and we both spent the night cracking our ankles on the footboard. There was also absolutely no natural light in the room. We took to calling it the bat cave.We travel a lot. We are accustomed to small boutique hotels and so is our daughter. If the hotel only wants a certain type of travellers then don't advertise on Priceline, especially in the section where you don't know what you are booking until after your bid has been accepted. Needless to say, we won't be back and we wouldn't recommend it either. It is in a great location. We walked everywhere we wanted to go.	
Nov 10 2009 	Hard to find better	Stayed 3 nights for a break to see friends and having tried many hotels in NYC finally chose the Mercer and it really is worth every penny. Booked a suite and was upgraded on arrival to a lovely high ceilinged room on the 2nd floor facing the road. I was concerned about the street noise but the rooms are triple glazed and even as a light sleeper it was fine. Bed very comfortable, great sheets, big bathroom with full size bath and shower. Friendly helpful service and good breakfast. Tried other hotels in the area including the Bowery and the Mercer is superior.	
	Moved out after one night of a 5night stay	My husband and I were shocked at the standard of the rooms * in the first room our bathroom window was jammed open and a bathroom towel had been used to block the freezing night air * no porter arrived to assist us in our move to a second room - we had already unpacked * in our second room there was no plug in the bath and when we requested one we were told to use a towel to plug the bath as they did not have any more plugs available * No Double Glazing in our room facing onto Broadway so we could not sleep!* carpets in passages were filthy* there was one redeeming feature and that was the receptionist who allowed us to check out of the hotel the following morning and thus cancel our 5night stay - we were thrilled and moved in to a fantastic midtown hotel where we could relax in a superb room and enjoy service and facilities of a very high standard for only a fraction more in price.	
Feb 27 2009 	The history the class the location... this hotel was an amazing part of my vacation	The hotel's really part of the Republican National Women's Club, which made me apprehensive at first, but it was definitely worth it. The building filled with young dbutantes and their mothers the last day we were there, which might have been the only bad thing that happened. The location was incredible, and our view was of St. Patrick's Cathedral and Radio City Music Hall.	
Nov 12 2009 	nice	Not a big fan of boutique or trendy hotels , but was booked here for a few days by clients.This was really a very positive surprise and experience , much better than other trendy hotels i have stayed in . Located in a great neighborhood with lots of local flair and history,plenty of coffee places , restaurants and old famous delicatessens - have to spend the weekend next time.The service is excellent , from the doormen who were very helpful and knowledgeable about the area, to the check in staff.The bar is nice if you can use the outside deck , inside not so fun. The restaurant has a good menu , but questionable lay out and decor . Rooms are comfortable , a bit on the dark side for me , beds are very comfortable, slept like a baby.	
Oct 17 2009 	Decent and affordable accomodations in Midtown Manhattan	My girlfriends and I were looking for an affordable, centrally located place to stay in NYC to attend a concert at the Manhattan Center and the Comfort Inn Midtown West was just that! Hundreds of dollars cheaper then some of the other commercial names like Marriott and Hilton and still within walking distance of all the major sights. It wasnt luxurious and it was rather small..but...it was cheap, clean, decent and for the money, hands down the best value in the area. I wouldnt reccomend it for a romantic weekend, but for a weekend of partying, where your not really spending much time in the room it'll meet the basic hotel requirements.	
Nov 25 2009 	great location great hotel	i am just back from a 5 night stay in new york and stayed in the red roof inn with a large group of friends. i shared a room with 3 of them. bathroom was small enough for 4 girls sharing, but the size of the bedroom was adequate. hotel is spotless and rooms are cleaned on a daily basis. breakfast included-toast, cereal, bagel, juice tea and coffee. location is fantastic-around the corner from macy's and other major shops, broadway in walking distance. all sites close by. subway station two minute walk away. i will definitely be staying here again on my next trip to new york.	
	Great Location	My friend and I stayed at the Comfort Inn in November for a week. We found the reception people most helpful and friendly. The food in Brendan's was very good, don't forget to use your key room card to get money off-we did-and they don't ask!!! The hotel may be a bit dated, but it was very clean. What a fantasic location. The subway, Macy's and the Empire State Building within 5 minutes. On the whole we loved our stay here. A bit of paint would help brighten it up. It was noisy at night with the dustbins being collected and the New Yorkers do like to use their car horns!!!	
	Surprised!	We are really surprised at how many great reviews the muse has, when in fact they are really not that great!The bellboys were great, always there to help us. But i cannot say the same for the snobbish Front Desk and the house keeping. We stayed here for 5 nights, one day we were not given any towels, one day there is the missing floor mat. I found a used towel under the duvet and they did not change the bed sheet throughout our stay there. I am sorry to say that the house keeping is just not up to standard! Please scruntinise the bill during check out, we found mini bar items charged to the bill on a daily basis when we did not consume anything from the mini bar. This is not acceptable from a reputable hotel chain! The location of this hotel is great! just one minute away from times square, 10 minutes away from theaters and walking distance to fifth avenue. There is this other hotel across the road, may just be cheaper and better! I should say that for the money you are paying, there are better hotels around.	
Sep 30 2009 	Perfect Location	My Husband and I are just back from a trip to NYC .We had an amazing time and there is much to see and do in this city . We stayed at the Rockefeller Centre Hotel and as the name would suggest this hotel is situated just off the Rockefeller Centre. It is also right beside Radio City Music Hall ,5th Auvenue, Broadway and Central Park.( All within easy walking distance) We could not have picked a better spot to start exploring this wonderful city. Like all NYC hotels the rooms are small however we found our room to be very clean and our bed was really comfortable . I have read other reviews about the bathroom but we had no complaints with same. It serves its purpose .The staff were friendly enough and we had no problems checking in or out. But you do need your key card for the elevator to take you to your room floor which is a bit of a nuisance if your like me and forget where youput it ! Im not sure what the story is with breakfast in this hotel as like most hotels in the US breakfast is not included and we just presumed it would be a bit of a rip off. Anyhow there are some great places to eat around the area. I would recommend this place for the perfect base to explore NYC	
	I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC solo business or with a family!	I visited NYC during Thanksgiving week with my husband and 4 children, ages 10 - 15. We were happy from the time they gave us the key cards to our 29th floor room until we checked out! The room was clean, beds were comfy, towels were plush. There was always someone helpful at the desk. We worked with the desk personnel, the doormen and the concierge; all were helpful and very quick to respond to any need. The size of the room for a midtown location was amazing; the suite is the way to go for a family.We did find cheaper parking at an icon parking garage, so we skipped the valet parking the hotel offered. The neighborhood, and the proximity to the subway station all added to the value of this hotel. All I can say is, stay here, stay here, stay here!!	
Nov 9 2009 	Very Attentive European Flair	We're just back from a 3 night stay. We upgraded to the largest king size room available and it was very spacious. The bathroom was on the small side but the shower worked well, the towels &amp; robes were great. Closet space was very limited. No view - our room looked onto the roof. The staff are very attentive and quick to respond. By the time we got home they had left a message letting us know my husband forgot this keys in the room. What I did appreciate is the hotel was quiet - I don't know if that was because half the floors are closed for renovation so I can't say if it would always be this quiet. Other NYC hotels I've stayed in were very noisy - people &amp; street noise. We don't always stay in 5 star hotels - I'm not sure it's worth the price of (a) the room due to limited time spent in it and (b) breakfast in these places - is any breakfast for 2 worth over $75 US? The one thing I truly did miss was in-room coffee - I hate having to get dressed before I have my first cup of coffee (yup - I'm too cheap to pay $10+ per person for room service coffe). Even the Scottish BBs we stayed in this year had coffee makers in the rooms, as did the Swiss Relais &amp; Chateaux hotel we stayed in last year.	
	Is asking for a fish at a Kimpton that difficult a request???	First off the positive...a very short walk from Grand Central Station. Upon entering 70 Park Avenue I didn't get that &quot;Kimpton&quot; scent that all Kimptons have (sorry but I think Kimpton properties have a distinct fresh scent). The lobby and check-in area were very cramped and I felt claustophobic. Being a dog lover and purposesly staying at Kimptons because they are pet friendly, I found it odd that when I asked the front desk person if there were any dogs there that he didn't know and had to ask the front door man? As we were checking in I requested that a fish be brought to our room. Six hours later, still no fish, I placed phone call and was transferred to a manager's voicemail, where I politely left a message that we had requested a fish and would like one brought to our room which was on Wednesday. Upon check-out on Friday we never saw any fin friends in Room 709, which by the way I would never stay in again. This room was located right near the elevator and by a door that was used constantly by housekeeping staff and when opened or closed made it sound as if someone was knocking on our door. Apparently this hotel does not have housekeeping closets for storage. The whole three days we were there lined up in the hall right outside our room were various carts of towels, etc. The television in our room had serious malfunctions. We set the temperature in our room to 65, but it was a consistent 75?? We never used room service because I do not think any breakfast averaging $24 is worth it. The Silverleaf lounge did offer the customary Kimpton Happy Hour $5 drinks from 5-7 p.m. nightly. We were told there was live music in the lounge, but didn't hear it as it didn't start at the time it was advertized to. I do love Kimpton hotels, but will definitely stay at one of the other ones in NYC next time we are there.	
	Nice Hotel	This hotel was in a Great Location, especially to watch the Macys Day Parade. We paid extra for a room with parade view and the view was great but I don't really think it was worth the price because they were charging the same price no matter if you were on the 5th floor or the 30th floor. The rooms were very small but we were in New York so I was expecting this. The hotel did have a small lounge, many nights it was full with no seats left. Some of the staff were very friendly, however others were not. This hotel is right in Times Square, close to shopping, shows, and central park. If you are planning a trip to New York I suggest staying someone in Time Square, there are many hotels along Broadway or 7th Ave this is where you want to be. Overall this hotel was a Nice hotel but not Great, when I go back I will be trying another hotel in Times square.On a side note! LOVED NYC! If you like Sex and the City make sure to book a Sex and the City tour through City Tours! It was Great!	
Nov 15 2009 	Awesome Value in NYC	First off, this place is not for divas who have no clue about the realities of downtown New York City. If you expect silence, stay home: this is a loud neighbourhood possibly close to an ambulance dispatch but also amazingly close to the subway and some must-see Real New York attractions, and by that I do not mean Katz's Deli. It is walking distance from Little Italy and Chinatown and better yet, on the verge of the historic Lower East Side and East Village eateries to die for. Plus, if you want to explore Brooklyn you are not so far away: Williamsburg is right across the water.The Gem is clean, amazingly priced for the awesome location, staffed by wonderful courteous people and sure, it is low on extras like you may be used to at some mondo chain hotels. But the in room coffee is to die for and the shower is hot. The room is clean and well-appointed given the close quarters and frankly, I would stay here again in a heartbeat. I really appreciated the efforts made and while the sleeping may not be easy, they did mention in the hype that this is the city that never sleeps...The Gem's a keeper for me.	
Nov 18 2009 	Went for the Spa	I went to the spa for a discounted service they were promoting in during the winter and the spa/salon was extremely busy. They have you change in their tiny men's locker/shower/bathroom and come out in public wearing a robe. They have you sit in a public &quot;relaxation&quot; room where I ended up sitting next to 2 strangers wearing robes too! I felt embarrassed and uncomfortable. So as I got picked up by the therapist, you have all these salon clients walking in and out of the salon and looking at you wear your robe. I felt even more embarrassed, not to mention rude in front of so many woman! I didn't like the way they has me setup, but the massage I had there was great. Their massage therapist Lilly was fanominal. Except the prices for the services there. They were somewhere around $175 or so for a 60min massage. I was a little icky about that. But overall the spa was a little uncomfortable and disturbing, but the service i received was great!	
	Fancy a Luxury trip to NewYork HILTON GARDEN INN TIMES SQUARE	Spending christmas vacations is always awaited by everybody . But when it comes to making your trip to the destination and then come the major task of selecting which hotels , that will suit your budget and also will be a great leisure time , thus making your trip memorable and worth spending your money .So we decides to make a trip to New York as my wife had always planned to go for . Then game a big job of which hotels , when searching for many sites, we came up with a good portal for making online bookings with . that was Hotels2stay.net . we chose to opt for NewYork HILTON GARDEN INN TIMES SQUARE ,, First of all I would say it was really a remarkable stay at this hotels .The hotels served all the services to its fullest .e Hilton Garden Inn Times Square's seating area includes a fireplace and features red, brown and yellow decor. Black and white portraits of New York City are displayed throughout the hotel. Pigalles restaurant serves French cuisine. Complimentary coffee is served each morning at the restaurant. The hotel's fitness center features cardiovascular equipment and is open 24 hours. The hotel includes two workstations with complimentary wireless Internet access and complimentary printing.Bathrooms include Neutrogena toiletries and curved shower rods. In-room safes are laptop compatible. Complimentary newspapers are delivered to the guestrooms. Accommodations include coffeemakers, and room service is available.The Hilton Garden Inn Times Square is located in New York, N.Y., one block from Broadway. The hotel is in the Theater District in Midtown Manhattan. Blue Line service at the 50th Street subway station is two blocks from the hotel and Times Square is two blocks away in the opposite direction. Radio City Music Hall and shopping on Fifth Avenue are three blocks from the hotel. And with all this and more me and my wife made romantic stay at this Hotels , and definitely to be thankful to the Portal that made our stay wonderful as we made bookings through them at cheap rates as compared to other sites .Good Job Done Hotels2stay.net !!love to make bookings with them again . And thanks to the services put up from Hilton garden .	
	Great Location for Broadway Plays	Hilton is aways a great business hotel, but this Thanksgiving weekend, it was the perfect hotel and location for going to mutliple plays. I have been to NYC many times, but the convenience this time was fabulous. This hotel is perfectly located in the middle of everything as well as being a well run, good service. We had a lovely high level room. Only one small, encounter with a rude breakfast waiter who was in a big hurry to get off his shift at 11 am, but he was the odd exception.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great for the second time!	This was my second time staying here since August 2009 and I was, again, very satisfied. Stayed one night with a friend. Booked room directly through Hilton (I never use sites like Expedia, Hotels, etc.). I booked the room initially at $259 but I checked the rates on the site frequently and the night before saw the rate was now $189. So, I applied for the rate change right on the Hilton site and got the room for $189. I wonder how many people are aware you can do this? It is definitely a money saver!The room was on the 7th floor. Honestly, it was of less quality than last time, still clean and sufficient, don't get me wrong, but it was definitely smaller and the view was of the roof. I think last time we were on a higher floor, maybe 15 (if it goes that high?)But again, there was nothing wrong with the room itself, the staff is so great, friendly and accommodating, I'm sure they would have given us a &quot;better&quot; room if we cared to complain, but it really wasn't a big deal just to sleep. Just want to let people know, the higher rooms seem to have the better views if that's what you're looking for.Free breakfast in the morning, great again, coffee, juice, bagels, muffins, fruit, sausages, yogurt....Easy check-out, free internet in lobby, literally less than 5 minutes from the subway. Can't beat it!	
Aug 28 2008 	PC was a great temporary home	I lived at PC for a few months while my new apartment was renovated. (Note: PC is very popular for this; a high proportion of the guests here seem to be New Yorkers between homes; also a sprinkling of movie and TV stars in town for a gig.) You can rent a studio, one, or two bedroom (all with a kitchen) by the day, week or month. The rooms/suites are stylish, modern and comfortable. Great big flat-screens, Bose sound system, attractive lighting, nice kitchen and bathroom. My one-BR was quiet. PC's lobby is kind of stunning, I always felt special walking through it. PC's location is terrific, not just for Lincoln Center, Columbus Circle, and all the conveniences nearby like Barnes &amp; Noble, the gym, Balducci's, etc. Also it's a block away from the 1 and 9 train and several Broadway bus lines, so you can get around town easily and inexpensively. What I liked the best about this place was the staff. The doormen, desk people, housekeeping and maintenance people, they all give top-notch service. They were unfailingly friendly and helpful. The moment I had a problem, they were on it. They can arrange anything - car service, in-room massage, dry cleaning, messengers, show tickets, you name it. I felt very well taken care of at PC and I recommend it highly. My only caveat is that it's expensive. But you get what you pay for here.	
	A 3 star hotel...	My husband and I stayed there for 3 nights. Location is good. The lobby is probably 20 sqm. Staff are polite but not welcoming.The rooms: really really small. Bathroom: really really small. Bed: really really small and too soft so if there's 2 of you prepare to cudle all night long because you'll sink to the midle. No views.So, try another hotel. With the amount of money Shoreham costs you'll find other hotels, also well located (if not better) where you have a bed where you can actually sleep.It takes more than white walls and funny lamps to be a modern luxury hotel. Would not recommend it.	
	Great location - Bad value	Apart from the amazing location, which this hotel charges a lot for, it is not a great experience. Everything, and I mean everything, costs extra. Checking out is not a peasant experience when you are hit with such a large bill	
	Great location 	This is a great hotel for location and transport links. The rooms are very large for New York, clean, with large clean bathroom. There is use of an ironing board and a free safe in the room - would definitely return here when next in NYC.	
	Great hotel great location!	I stayed here for 5 nights with my dad from November 14th-20th. Check in was quick and easy, we were given a room on the 10th floor with a view of the Empire State Building. The rooms were of good size, we had a twin bedroom and were pleased with the size. There was also an electronic safe in the cupboard that was free to use and the rooms were cleaned everyday. Breakfast was fine - we thought we would probably have to go out and buy breakfast as it was only continental but there was plenty of choice and always enough food to go around. It was a buffet style breakfast with muffins, cereal, toast, youghurt, bagels etc and tea and coffee which you could help yourself to throughtout the day and night. The hotel was great location wise - down the road to macy's and empire state and about a 5-10 minute walk to times square. Beware though it IS the city that never sleeps - I don't think I had a night where I slept straight through without being woken up by a binman at 3am or noisy people coming back to their hotels. Our window was also broken the first night which meant the noise was awful but the staff did fix it straight away the next day so I have no complaints with that.The hotel also sell tickets to most attractions for exactly the same price as the attractions themseleves which is handy and means no queuing!! The staff are friendly and are really helpful, they reccommended a boat trip that we didn't even know about and it was fantastic. We did all of the main attractions and walked to most of them. People are quick to tell you to get in a taxi to get everywhere when you can walk it in 10 minutes!! We walked to central park from the hotel and to John Lennon's old house but people couldn't understand why we walked the 20 minutes to get there... The only place we did get the underground to was to Ground Zero and you can walk from there to the Statue of Liberty dock in around ten minutes if that.When you get given the map everything seems really far away... but it's not. Save yourself some money and walk, it really doesn't take that long and there is so much traffic on the roads it's not worth getting in a taxi.The security over there is immense so be prepared to be prodded and poked! It's good considering everything that has happened and makes you think that Britain should be the same. For Top of the Rock, Empire and Statue of Liberty you get searched and go through metal detectors etc before you can go up, understandable and makes you feel more secure plus it doesn't actually take that long.Coming to and from the airport we booked with Supershuttle.com before we went. Excellent service, you can tip when you book (tipping is a huge thing over there and most places if you go out and eat will actually add their own tip on..then ask if you want to leave anymore!!). We shared the ride with about 4 other couples and it did take about an hour to get to the hotel but it gave us time to take in the sights and sounds so we didn't mind at all. Going home we were the last to get picked up and the ride took about 20 mins! It's cheaper than getting a taxi they have a flat rate of about $43 one way. One final thing... I have to reccommend Keen's steak house. It is literally round the block from the hotel and was the best meal I've had!! It was expensive but well worth it. Don't go around 5/6pm though all the businessmen go there for their dinner and it gets stupidly busy. We went on a Sunday and it was quiet. Lovely place, excellent staff and fab food.	
	Great location combined with a luxury hotel.	I thought the Hotel Gansevoort was an ideal combination of location and hotel. As a first time visitor to NYC, I really enjoyed the trendy neighborhood (ie., great restaurants, shopping, and clubs). The Chelsea food market, Magnolia's bakery, STK - to name a few. It makes me salivate just thinking of these culinary delights! The hotel is modern and tastefully appointed. The room was very comfortable and offered a spacious bathroom. I certainly appreciated many of the little details that had been included in the room. Some hotels promise - Hotel Gansevoort delivers. The staff were extremely helpful in assisting us with our local destinations - suggesting great night spots, transportation routes, and other miscellaneous details. It made our vacation the best trip of our lives!	
	Excellent value and service if you are sight seeing on a budget but still want decent facilities and comfortable bed	Clean, friendly, cheap and staff on hand whenever you want them. Smallish but very comfortable rooms with good facilities. Excellent gym, breakfast area, room tv's etc. Very good situation for all of the really interesting bits of NYC. Helpful and friendly staff who couldnt seem to do enough to make your stay a success. A few Americans but mostly europeans seemed to be in residence and I didnt hear any complaints from them either. Manager and Concierges were particularly helpful	
	Suite did not match description -- not 5 star service -- got food poisoning	After a long conversation on the phone with a reservations assistant, and after carefully reviewing the descriptions on the internet, I selected an Edwardian Suite with 1000 square feet, a living room with a sofa, and pocket doors between the living area and the bedroom. Well, they put us in a room that they insisted was in fact an Edwardian Suite, but it matched identically the description of the next lower tier suite that was several hundred dollars less--no pocket doors, about 700 sq feet, no room for a sofa. They moved us after one night (were sold out the first night), but did not refund the difference in price. The first night was uncomfortable as we had no privacy from the children and the rollaway beds barely fit in the room, and they were saggy. The next night, the REAL Edwardian suite was lovely. But we had to go to the trouble of moving and really didn't get to enjoy it. There were some other problems: no chicken fingers for the kids (ran out for two days!) though eventually they cooked some from scratch for us (shouldn't have been that hard!) And, after eating ONLY hotel food the whole day, I got a mild case of food poisoning in the middle of the second night, which kept me up for several hours. Luckily I was ok again the next day. I think it must have been the salad I ordered.	
	Customer service par excellence!	Located just two blocks from Times Sq this small but perfectly formed hotel come restaurant/bar made a great base to explore Manhattan the week before Thanksgiving. We arrived on a Saturday, and this is the one flaw with the place, the bar was VERY loud in the evening, and our room on the 1st floor next to the elevator vibrated with the disco that was going on downstairs. However, the staff were quick to relocate us to a top floor suite for the remainder of our stay at no extra charge (in fact they discounted the first night!). The rooms are well appointed and cosy with a New Orleans flavour. The whole place has a warm, welcoming feel to it, much more friendly than your typical large hotel. Thank you to Tori and her colleagues for making our once in a lifetime visit to NYC a memorable one!	
Sep 6 2009 	NIGHTMARE	Dont stay here if you like clean bathrooms, without bugs, hot waer, ripped beds and unhelpful staff.YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!	
Nov 25 2009 	most reasonable rates in nyc	This is the hotel my boyfriend and I tell our family and friends to stay at when they're visiting. It's close to everything and very clean and modern for the price. Best deal by far compared to all other hotels in the area (East Village, West Village, Lower East side etc.)	
Nov 25 2009 	So beautiful!!	Stayed on the advice of my boss and loved it. The building had so much character! The rooms were average sized, but the bathroom was all in marble and so much nicer than the ones I am used to at the average run of the mill hotels we usually stay at.Close to Times Square and Central park, although not on the door step so if you want to be close but still a little bit away so that you can &quot;get away from it&quot; when you are in your room, this place is for you!	
	Nice food but would never go there again.	Okay, so I'll start of my saying that I am a teenager who travels often, so I know my fair share of hotels. I went to New York with my mom and great aunt to visit family and see the city. We chose Novotel because of the pictures that were on the website; they're modern, clean, white with a few colours. When we got there, the lobby was very nice, just like the website had shown, white with accent colours and granet counters. The service was good, pretty average. As soon as we got onto our floor (12th), it was a drastic change. The walls were orange with blue accents and were marked all over. When we got to our room, and turned on the light I almost cried. I was expecting a nice white room, but it felt as if we just stepped into a dingy motel in Arizona or Mexico. The drapes and bedspread were the same generic hotel print, the walls were an odd splotchy orange, with green metal windowframes. I almost expected cockroaches and spiders to come out of the walls. To add to this, the bed was uncomfortable and had lipstick smears all over the pillow. By this time I was upset, because it was a special trip for my birthday, and from the beginning it wasn't what I expected. To make things worse, I had to buy wireless internet that didn't work.The bathroom, however was nice. It was the only part of the room that was modern with very nice lighting for makeup, but the shower wasn't very nice. The shower floor was bumpy, and coming away from the floor. The veiw was also nice, but not the best; we overlooked the top of a dirty building, but in a crowded city it wasn't shocking. The food service was very good! It was one of the best in-room meals I've had.I'm not meaning to turn this hotel off for people, it just is not up to my comfort level. Many people say that they came to the city to see the city, and only have the hotel to sleep. But for me the hote is one of the most important things; it's the place I have to feel safe to get a good sleep in after a long day. I did not feel safe in this hotel. We only stayed for 2 nights, and switched hotels.	
Nov 3 2009 	Nice hotel great location	I stayed at this Courtyard Marriott for the NYC Marathon weekend and, after reading some reviews, I was expecting the hotel to be very basic. I was so surprised!! The people that work here are SO nice and SO helpful. Our room was actually really nice -- a good, clean room with granite countertops in the bathroom and nice furniture. The bed and pillows were great. I am a corporate event planner by professional and can be a bit of a hotel snob. Trust me when I say that this hotel is much better then you expect. Plus you are literally facing Bryant Park - it really doesn't get much better in terms of location.	
	Fantastic Experience	First visit...3 nights. Great area over the terrific HighLine. State of the art design...Standard Grill excellent....you could also tell good value by the people waiting after 11.00pm.Room views fantastic.The 18th Floor Lounge is awesone...and lifts must be unique.Staff are good and all in all a great &quot;different&quot; hotel experience.	
	A Great deal in NYC	This small hotel is clean, roomy, well maintained, good staff and free breakfast. You can't beat it for the price in NYC. It is in Chinatown/Little Italy.	
Oct 18 2009 	Fabulous stay at The Mark	We stayed at The Mark for 1 night over Labor day weekend. The hotel had just reopened recently. During the time of our stay, it was their &quot;soft opening&quot; phase, where the hotel was not fully completed (restaurant, gym, bar, and hair salon were still under construction). We were a little skeptical because the hotel was very expensive, even at a discounted price, however, we were blown away with the design and comfort of the hotel and room. We were particularly pleased with the service that Andrea, the reception manager, showed to us. He showed us to our room and explained how everything worked.Our room was immaculate and quite honestly the best we've ever stayed in (including Vegas). I'm not sure how the hotel looked before they closed for 2 years, but whatever happened, it was given a complete makeover.The rooms were enormous and very modern in design. The closet space could accommodate anyone staying for about a month. The bathroom was all marble; the tub was long and deep enough for 2 people (I think), and separate shower big enough to fit a party of 5. There was a TV in the mirror of the bathroom vanity, which was very cool. There was a telephone, scale, towel warmer, and professional hairdryer all just in the bathroom.The room itself could be controlled by a universal remote control. The remote controlled the electric shades over the windows, the large LCD TV, Blu Ray DVD player, lights, and air conditioning. Along with complimentary snacks (like pretzels, candy, soda, and water) we were also given a box of cookies that came from a restaurant down the street. Included in the price of the hotel was also a complimentary breakfast, which was great.Overall we couldn't have been happier with our stay at The Mark. And if possible, it's going to be even more amazing once it's fully completed!	
Oct 18 2009 	The Best Hotel in New York City!	Ive been traveling to Manhattan for business for about 5-10 hotel nights/year for 25 years and over the years have stayed at many of the big hotelsGrand Hyatt on 42nd St, Marriott at Times Square, The Plaza, The Waldorf Astoria, The Essex House and many others. I discovered the Lombardy 15 hears ago and have stayed there exclusively since then. It is a small boutique hotel on 56th St between Park and Lex. The rooms are enormous by any standard but especially for NYC. Since the building is a co-op, every room is either a studio or one bedroom apt with a kitchen. Since each room is individually owned they are all decorated differently but the dcor is controlled centrally by the hotel management. An earlier post complained of the dcor looking dated. I disagreeIve stayed in probably 15 different rooms and every one of them is professionally decorated, each with different themes. They are all updated on a regular basis. All of the decorating is high-end, custom or semi-custom design and freshly done. In fact, its always fun to see what theme you are going to get in any given room. It is absolutely the quietest hotel that I have ever visited. The staff are true professionals and the service level is high. Everything you need to live is within a city blockrestaurants, diners, delis, bars, drug store, etc. The subway is 2 blocks away at 54th and Lex. Staying at the Lombardy is like having your own high-end apartment in Manhattan.	
	Very good value hotel with modern style	The hotel is very well located in the midtown area of Manhattan. Within walking distance to two subway stops. Madison park and Union square are also within a few blocks distance. The rooms are not huge but have more than enough space. The decor is modern and the staff is extremely diligent in helping with any request. I would definitely recommend this hotel for any type of travel.	
	Okay to stay at this hotel.	Liked this hotel eventhough it is in a funny area. 24 hr auto shop across the street, stables for the Central Park Horse just up the street and high rise building construction on one side. It looks like it's in the middle of nowhere but it is in fact close to everything. Felt safe enough to go out for a smoke at night. Not the biggest rooms but clean and the staff was friendly and recommanded an excellent restaurant for dinner.	
	Outstanding hotel with wonderful staff	I and my girlfriend spent the last week of Nov in New York to celebrate her 30th birthday. We spend the first four nights at the Carlton (see separate review) and the remaining three at The Surrey which was a much better choice in every way. To start off, the location is great, just a few minutes walk to central park and the subway. The inside of the hotel is very elegantly furnished and decorated, including the rooms and truly earns the privilege of being called luxurious!As for the staff, from the doorman to the massage therapist, I'm simply short of words. From start they charmed us and attended to our every need.At check-in we immediately received a complimentary room upgrade due to my girlfriend turning 30 during our stay. After inspecting our wonderful room (with the most comfortable Dux bed and lovely details such as the content of the minibar and the lightning system) and unpacking we decided to skip going out for dinner since we were a bit worn out after hours of shopping and just try the in-house restaurant Cafe Boulud (http://www.cafeboulud.com). Even though we had no reservations and the place was packed, our concierge Michael succeeded to arrange a table for two after just a few minutes. After tasting the first bite of the food we realized that it has to be one of the better restaurants in New York (I almost cried out of happiness after tasting their wild mushroom ravioli - A MUST if you visit the restaurant). When I later googled the place I found out that they had a well deserved star in guide michelin and that the chef has another restaurant in NY with three stars so they definitely know what they are doing in the kitchen.As for the spa, we both had a 50 minute massage which was really good and I used the gym once which had what you need for a few days stay. The ONLY negative thing I can point out about the hotel was that they charged $15 for 24hr wireless Internet which I think should be complimentary at a hotel of this standard.In conclusion, I want to send a special thank to Guy who worked at the front desk and the other concierge we had contact with apart from Michael, Abraham, who really made us feel like home with their exquisite service (we actually miss them). The service was truly more than your average five-star standard and I would go as far as claiming that it could be compared with high end hotels such as the Four Seasons or Shangri-La. I only hope that the staff get the credit they deserve from the management.All in all, our stay at The Surrey was amazing! The hotel is very elegant, classy, and modern hip. It feels like everything you would expect from a five star New York City hotel and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who can afford it. I will for sure stay at the Surrey again when visiting New York in the future.	
	Skyline adds Sparkle to Manhattan...Fabulous Stay!	You know that feeling when you are about to leave home to go somewhere exciting and you're hoping that the hotel you have booked turns out to be amazing? My wish came true. Skyline is more like a 4 1/2 to 5 star hotel. The suites are divine...&quot; a home away from home&quot;. There is soooo much space in the rooms, and they are super clean. The bed is very comfy. The hotel staff...from the doorman, reception service to the cleaning service is very friendly and professional. Our suite was very impressive and the view was breathtaking... especially in the evening with the manhattan skyline. Location is central. You can walk to the theater district, times square and cabs/subway are very accesible. There is a choice or restaurants or delis nearby. Overall...I had an amazing stay in Manhattan thanks to Skyline Hotel. &quot;It's a home away from home and truelly a hidden Gem&quot;. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
	Trendy hotel with well-designed small rooms in a great Columbus Circle location	Like most travelers, I scour the web and the guidebooks for great advice when it comes to my hotel stay. This is expecially crucial if I have booked a room on Priceline (as in this case). I want to correctly set my expectations prior to arrival. For instance, I really had to get myself in the SMALL ROOM mindset before checking in at The Hudson. Arrival: The hotel doesn't have a sign. Be sure to look at the pics on the website so you know where you're going if you are coming in via subway train. There was a small line at check-in but the front desk staff did a great job keeping everyone moving. There was one very important woman (a trendy I-think-I'm-20-but-I-am-really-45) who felt compelled to jump to the front &quot;Just to ask a question&quot; which of course was her attempt to jump the line. No go! Yay front desk. I made a joke and they took pity on us and got us into a higher level room facing the atrium. :-) Score!The room: Ok. We know. It's small. It's not the end of the world. Unpack your stuff. Be organized and you have plenty of room. Don't throw you stuff all over the room. Now you'll need to sit on the toilet sideways and take turns in the bathroom but....the good parts? Incredible water pressure and a roomy shower plus a VERY comfortable bed. You didn't come to New York to hang out in your hotel room did you? Well then, the shower and the bed are top notch. Done. My husband and I slept like logs in a Queen size which is usually a challenge. I think its really all about the pillows. Noise: Try to get a room above the 6th floor. There will be street noise. It's NY. Buy some freaking Tylenol PM if it's that big of deal. The bigger issue is the nightclub. It's loud. Very loud and very popular. Therefore if you are below Floor 6, you will probably hear it. Join the fun or get something to knock yourself out. Location: As they say in real estate....This is a superb location. The subway is very close and can get you where you need to go quickly. We walked down Columbus Ave after visiting the Natural History Museum and really enjoyed it. Great shops, bars and restaurants al the way down. Lots of dogs and locals give it a nice neighborhood feel. There's a great 24 hour diner and pizza place right on the corner of 58th and 9th. Both are open late. We enjoyed our stay very much. Appreciated the thought and design work that went into the place. Staff was very friendly except for one woman carrying a clipboard in the AM who looked at me like a deer in the headlights when I asked her a question about check out.. Overall a good bet. An even better one if you can score it on Priceline.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Hotel! Nice Room!	I love everything about AKA United Nations. The hotel is kept well and in modern deco. Room is very comfy, clean and well equipped. This was definitely a five star experience! The room is huge!The staff is friendly and the location is great!Very highly recommended!!!	
Nov 21 2009 	excellent!	We were recommended the Seafarers International House by a family member who stayed here before. We were delighted with the location, the accommodation and the price. Its right beside Union Square which has lots of shops, Starbucks, some nice bars and places to eat. One place we went back to eat every morning &amp; most evenings was called 'the Coffee Shop &amp; bar'. Great food and price.Accommodation is very basic, but comfortable and very clean. You can choose between a room with shared bathroom, or private bathroom. We went for the private bathroom (which is a bit extra than the shared). TV in the room (not that we spent much time with it on!). There is a subway station very close by. Definately would recommend to stay here!	
	Good hotel but a bit far out for sightseeing with a toddler	My husband and 2 year old son stayed here for three nights over the Thanksgiving weekend. We got an excellent rate through priceline and the front desk staff upgraded us to a superior room on the 33rd floor. We had a big room with fantastic view of the hudson and jersey city. There was a small fridge in the room to put milk and yogurt for my son. The hotel is a standard marriot and the rooms are rather large for a Manhattan hotel.The 85 west restaurant has a decent menu but a bit pricy ($20 for a burger). We had breakfast from starbucks one day and the other mornings went to a diner a block away (Georges) which is excellent. I can't compalin about the hotel except I would not stay downtown again for sightseeing or shopping. Also not that many restaurants around.The hotel is one block from ground zero and in general there is a lot of construction in the area with sidewalks blocked off and traffic diverted. The subway stations are very close for getting into town. It is a 20 minute ride to midtown and 25-30 to uptown/central park. All in all, a great hotel but not the most convenient location for midtown sights, especially with a child and a stroller. We also prefer to come back to the hotel for naps and that was inconvenient from midtown as taxi ride is about $30. On the plus side, the ferry for liberty and ellis islands is 10 minutes walk from the hotel.	
	It's a place to sleep between activities	CleanGood Location for parade &amp; museum, local food 24x7Close enough to Subway linesGood mattressDesk helpful and responsiveToilet so close to walls on both sides, that &lt;censored&gt; (couldnt use)Wind loudly whistling through the closed/locked window one nightNo window screen to allow room to cool down w/o risking bird entryBed too short  need queen sizes, but room too smallNobody at desk for a time one morning	
Nov 16 2009 	Reasonable value for money	We stayed for 6 nights in November 2009.LOCATION is perfect. All major sights in mid-Manhattan are within walking distance. Only 200 meters to the airport bus stop at Grand Central. Definitely 5 stars!The HOTEL is a bit old and worn out. It has a reception and rooms but no other services: no restaurant, no breakfast, no laundry service etc. However, everything is available at short distance from hotel. I would give 3 stars.We had a standard ROOM on the 14th floor with view over an interesting but ugly backyard, and the Empire State building! The size was ok, the bathroom quite small. Everything worked and was reasonably clean. The small kitchenette with refridgerator was nice. 3 stars.	
	Hotel with a view	We arrived at the hotel at noon and as our room wasn't ready yet (we were early!) we decided to first go and check out the surroundings. We came back in the evening (while it was already dark outside) and when entering the room we could only say 'wow'! We had a High Floor Corner King with balcony and this is really what I call 'A room with a view' . The view was amazing! By night but also by day.The rest of the hotel room was very nice too : 2 lounge chaires, tempur pedric matrass, a shower which was great,... an unforgettable experience!	
Nov 22 2009	Wonderful personal service.	This hotel was in a good location, the room was large by New York standards and very clean. The service was excellent. They were very prompt at check-in and at check-out we were provided with a printed, detailed map for public transportation to the airport. They were always friendly and let us leave bags there after check-out until we left for the airport.	
	FIRST CLASS ALL THE WAY	Stayed at the Bryant Park Hotel for a quick overnighter with my friends. The room was gorgeous, bathroom was beyond amazing, and the amenities offered were first class.After running around the city looking for a fun place to go, we ended up at the Cellar Bar and were mad that we didn't come earlier! Music was great, crowd was fun, and the staff was very nice and funny.Only downfall was the &quot;late night&quot; menu -- food was obviously microwaved, but what else can you expect at 3 a.m.?	
	Excellent Midtown Location - Great Value	Neighborhood is nothing much, but it's a great location to get to everything, and near Penn Station and Bolt/Megabus stops. Very new and clean. We were there on a Saturday night so noise wasn't a factor, but based on the printed notices in the room, the &quot;white noise&quot; generator in the room, etc. it could be a problem, especially garbage trucks, on a weekday morning - I'd ask for a high floor if you were staying on any night but Saturday. Staff is extremely pleasant and helpful. Rooms of a very decent size for NYC. Restaurant with bar on the premises (for dinner and possibly lunch - no breakfast). Continental breakfast of average quality included in room rate.	
Nov 12 2009 	Perfect	Although we have travelled the world over this was our first trip to NYC.We had some reservations regarding the Towers after reading some of the negative reviews on Trip Advisor however after our stay last weekend,I cannot imagine staying anywhere else on our next visit.The suite was wonderful,the staff warm and welcoming,all in all aperfect stay	
Nov 6 2009 	Great Location Tiny Room Clean Good Value.	What we liked best: Great location for broadway theatres and Times Square. What we liked least: Tiny Room. We arrived about noon, and they allowed us an early check-in without any fuss. The hotel location is great - broadway theatres just a block away - Times Square is just two blocks - subway stations two to five blocks distant. The room was clean, but awfully small (the queen bed was about a foot from two walls). The bed was comfortable. The bath was small but serviceable. everything was clean and in good repair. The continental breakfast was nothing special. The hotel website pictures show fruit on the breakfast bar, but we never saw any fruit. The high speed internet worked fine, except for an outage that lasted a few hours. If you want to use the internet, be sure to ask about it when you check in, since our experience was that they didn't volunteer that information. The staff were all friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great Hotel if you know a few things	First be sure you are GUARANTEED to be on the side of the hotel away from the bridge. If you face the bridge it is very noisy and you maybe very upset. Second know that you are in Chinatown. I love Chinatown and needed to stay in lower manhattan but it is a bit out of the way for some people. It is very clean, new and the customer service is great. It is however minimalist. You get everything you need but not a thing more. There is no wireless - there is hard wired DSL and in our room the cable was next to the phone on a TINY night stand with a short cable. We had two queen beds and the room was quite large. The desk was also tiny. The free coffee in the lobby is instant coffee and hot water.Cabs are fairly easy to get in China	
Nov 19 2009 	Wow! Highly recomend this hotel.	We were pleasantly surprised by this well located hotel. Very convenient location and safe to walk even at night. We paid 130.00 USD/night for a HUGE apartment. Bed was comfy, bathroom clean and large with lots of extras in case you forgot something essential. Staff was friendly and helpful. Free breakfast with fresh items and attentive staff. Secure building and best of all they let us leave our bags before check in time! One shortfall no wireless internet in room, must use a cable or the business/lounge area.	
	Amazing Service!	I was so happy with the overall value of this hotel. The service was incredible - the location was awesome - and the rooms were comfy!!! I loved the breakfast in the mornings - great coffee!! The free internet service was extremely helpful.... There was a complimentary bottle of Perseco and chocolates in the room.... Wine at night.. awh....The room was pretty good size - for NY, especially. They offered passes to the gym, but who wants to do that on vacation? I found NO complaints at all with this hotel. We could walk to 30 Rock and to Central Park. Subways are only a few blocks away... and 5th Avenue is only 1 block away! It doesn't get better than that.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great location staff; would go back	I was at this Hampton for 3 weekender nights in mid-Nov 09. It is but a block walk from Penn Station, which is nice when one has luggage. Right off the bat, the front desk staff were just delightful. Smiling greetings, super helpful and efficient- can't ask for more than that. The front desk always had a smile and a offer of help. Very nice!!! There is a PC in the lobby, though we did not use it; I did see others. Our room was on 16th floor, corner, double beds. It was a little tight, but good enough. Nice flat screen on the wall, which I'm sure, greatly helped in the configuration of the room. There was a desk in the corner with complimentary chips &amp; water and a standing closet next to the window. Like I said, it was tight, but it wasn't bad. Shower was good, though very high up, but stayed hot. We didn't hear alot of noise in the room from the outside but some. Breakfast was nice, though, again, a bit cozy. Cold &amp; hot items available with coffee and juices. Seemed to be replenished quickly. We went all 3 mornings, even though there is a Dunkin Donuts right next store as well as a cafe. Th eonyl down side, if one even want to call it that, was the elevators can be delayed if housekeeping is doing their run. There is no service elevator for them to use. The whole hotel is very space efficient. So be aware of those at mid-afternoon times. Penn is super close, so you can take a subway anywhere and you know at roads lead back to Penn, so really no worries about missing a train. Comfortable walk to Times Sq (or subway), Macys around the corner. All said and done, I would go back to this Hampton. It was $197/night, which is not too bad for the City, but probably can be better if I booked earlier.	
Nov 22 2009 	Lovely but perhaps too much of a club and not enough of a hotel	The title sums it up.SH is located in a fabulous part of twon, trendy, not too noisy and busy, but easy to get to the main event.The hotel itself is great. Our room was beautiful, fabulous bathroom (the bath in particular). Very smart, cool and comfortable. I say that but actually we found our bed too hard, but when we complained, they upgraded us the next day and we were very happy.The only thing about the hotel itself that I didn't like was the smell in the corridors. Don't know what it was but it was sort of musty and off sweet if that helps! Otherwise, breakfast was fantastic, we had the continental brekkie and that was perfect, freshly baked muffins...mmmm. The bar is beautiful, fun, and very busy. We also used the free internet service and that was very useful. The upstairs pool deck is really cool, in summer it'll be great.Our only real gripe was that we felt that hotel guests come second to the club members and people who drink there. It is a private club, and was extremely busy, and we were less important than the others. The staff seemed a bit fake and uncaring to us. That's been mentioned before on this forum, (as has the smelly corridor!) so maybe there's something in it (or maybe not).Anyway, we had a great stay, but might try somewhere else next time.	
	Location is superb hotel is very good very quiet room	My fianc and I spent a few days in New York during Thanksgiving. We had pre-booked the hotel and profited from their &quot;book early - save money&quot;-program. Our room was in the 4th floor; sadly, staff had forgot about my request to have some sparkling wine in the room, so we didn't have that on arriving; but that wasn't a big problem, as the hotel offers complimentary wine from 5-8 pm every night (even with piano music on fridays). The room itself was good, though the bathroom was a bit small, but very clean and nicely done. We had a bit of a problem with the shower in the sense that the water spilled over the sides, and it was nearly impossible to take a shower without splashing the bathroom floor. That also wasn't a problem, as we only had a shower in the morning and then were walking through NYC all day, so we didn't care too much about the wet floor which was cleaned during the day anyway. The reason we only rate this hotel as &quot;very good&quot; and not as &quot;excellent&quot; is that the heating didn't work. It was already rather cold outside and when we asked at the front desk if they could turn the heating on, their reply was, that the heating would be turned on automatically if temperatures dropped below 55 Fahrenheit. Which it didn't. We did get a little electrical oven, though, so we were warm enough. But we would have expected the heating to work in a rather expensive hotel. Rick's Caf on the second floor really is like an extended living room, with some wonderfully comfortable chairs and sofas. we had our breakfast there and enjoyed a glass of wine every evening. We loved the interior decoration of the hotel - it is also very quiet, despite being right on the edge of Times Sqaure. For the Thanksgiving Parade we could really just walk 20 metres from the hotel and were right in the middle of it all. All in all, I'd recommend the hotel; I'd return again, though I might get a bigger room next time.	
	Feel very deflated with regards to my stay at the Barclay	I am a Platinum Ambassador for this chain and really expected to be taken care of as we gave notice that we were celebrating my wifes' 40th. We did get an upgrade to an executive king room but were not impressed with the room. The bathroom was 5feet by 7feet. There was mould where water had leaked into the wall. the lighting was dull and as there was no dressing table the hair dryer and sockets were situated above the WC and my wife had to stand infron of the toilet to curl her hair in dull light. the toilet seat had numerous chips on it and looked awful. We had a cup of coffe each with the fancy new coffe maker and afterwards discovered that we were allowed one coffee a day, (not each), free and any further coffee would be charged at $3 plus tax. Bring back the kettle and free coffee, tea and hot choc please. On our first night we were so exhausted we went to bed at 1830 and were surprised when the doorbell rang at 2130. The cleaner wanted to check out room. It was 0230 in the morning back home and we were shattered. I have never had a visit that late before and rang to complain. I was told that i was at fault for not putting my don not disturb sign out. The room was on the 8th floor and we could not see any sky. The room was very dark and gloomy. The bed was comfy and had a mtress topper. We asked for a room change to a brighter room which never happened. The drinks are expensive. A vodka and coke and a JD and coke were over $20 and 2 breakfasts were $65. The breakfast buffet was quite extensive as expected, but most things were cold. The best thing to eat were the cold bagels with salmon and cream cheese and the freshly made omlettes. I asked 5 times for juice one morning and in the end went and picked the caraffe up myself. The waiter came over and snatched it out of my hand. The foyer is very impressive and the music played by a guitarist in the evening is quaint. The concierge service were keen to assist in helping with things which may gain them commission but were unhelpful with other issues. The online concierge service did not work on my TV either. The Gym is unsupervised and I went on my first morning to have a steam and sauna and found them to be turned off. I rang down and a maintenance came up and showed me how to turn them on. The emergency stop button and timer activate these services. There is no way you can alert anyone if you are in distress and as these services are in the changing rooms they are remote. The fitter said that the alarm is only sounded if the services get too hot. If you require a sauna you need to turn is on for an hour before you go in. the street noice was loud and the glass and garbage trucks woke us up at around 5-5.30. New York was brilliant and we enjoyed everything we did. I would go to New York again but would not stop at the Barclay.	
	The Manhattan Club	I found this hotel to have very comfortable accomodations. Travelling with a family or group, it is ideal as a place to sleep and relax. The services were excellent, catering to just about every need and giving excellent suggestions, whether it be for dining or theatre or a museum. The location is perfect. Right between Times Square and Central Park and across the street from Carnegie Hall	
	Great location good restaurant clean rooms.	We enjoyed our stay at the Martinique as first time visitors to New York from New Zealand - it was central to everything we wanted to do and everyone was very helpful. We ate in the restaurant for the three nights we stayed in New York and the meals were great. Especially enjoyed being able to get a meal at 11.30pm after having been to a show on Broadway. Would definitely stay there again.	
	Decent hotel at a decent price	This hotel is older with large rooms. You get a kitchen in the suite, so if you are a with a family that is a great addition (eat inside). If you need the space and want a low cost hotel, this is a great option.	
	Everything was wonderful except the size of the rooms.	If you are by yourself or staying with just one other person, this hotel is a great choice. My husband and I both said that we would absolutely stay here again..... as long as we were by ourselves. We stayed here for 2 nights over Thanksgiving with our 1 year old and 2 year old and the room was WAY too small for the 4 of us. The room we stayed in (611) was not much bigger than the Queen size bed that was in it. However, room size aside, the hotel was great. It is located very close to the Subway on the 6 line. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The lobby was nicely decorated with leather couches and fresh flowers and the attached restaraunt is very nice. They served a great breakfast with croissants, bagels, juice, yogurt, fruit, etc. And for the price, it was FABULOUS! We found a deal on the internet where we only paid $139/night. However, NYC kills you on taxes: $12.34/night State tax with $8.17/night city tax and a $3.50/night Occupancy tax.	
	Mostly Satisfied. Some complaints.	On arrival for four nights we arrived tired and late after travelling from San Francisco. We were informed that Hotel Policy was to request $150 per night from our credit card, as a bond to cover incedentials (I.E. We dont trust you - guest). As we were not likely to use any facilty in the hotel if this was an indication of likely prices, we were told that $150 dollars would only be taken, not $600 dollars over four nights. We were then shown to one of the smallest rooms in the hotel, which we could not get warm -window was found open, but stuck. We were thankful for the duvet. Bed was fine and comfortable, but shower leaked water over bathroom floor as door had wide space between. Our opinion is there was too much style and little practicality. The staff were very helpful, and we would single out the concierge -Yenni. She was very customer oriented. Also both the night staff on duty on 1st December, who could not be more helpful for our early morning start.Would we recommend this hotel -not for value for money, but it was a convenient location.	
	Absoloutely perfect for kids	This is hotel is pefect for kids! Some of the kiddie goodies include:- Coloring book at check-in- Fantastic rooftop pool with very kid-friendly policies- Cartoons in the elevators- Huge (500+ sqf) rooms with plenty of room to play- Close to central park zoo and playgroundsWe stayed on SPG points, you can't beat that!We also loved the adjacent restaurant (Seppi's), with very reasonable priced food, especially the Sunday brunch!.	
Nov 25 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location Nothing too special	Stayed here on my first trip to NYC for 3 nights. Was expecting a little more. The location is great with beautiful views from our window in the spacious enough room. We looked over the tree tops of central park &amp; to the side could also see broadway snaking it's way down toward the theatre district. It's perfect for 2 adults, but those with kids might want a little more room. The hotel bar is not really a bar, but hey all you want to do is head out and explor ethis great city. For the price we paid approx. 340 per night room only is was not as good as 5 * hotels in Ireland. If I were travelling again I would stay lower around 34th ot 42nd streets. Central park was amazing, the weather that week starting 23rd Sept. was beautiful, so we saw NYC in all it's splendour. Any visitor for the first time don't miss Bryant Park close to times square, Rockafella Centre &amp; Observatory &amp; also Battery park. Battery park bar &amp; Grill on the water's edge cannot be missed with stunning views of the hudson &amp; statue of liberty. Overall this hotel was lovely, a pleasant stay but lacked a little life. The decor was a bit old fashioned and not that modern.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location great price!	I stayed overnight with my boyfriend and another couple. We were just looking to get away for a short trip without paying too much. The hotel is only a few blocks from Times Square. It is an older hotel, but it is clean and all of the staff was very nice. We did have a stain in the carpet in the entry, but it did not bother us. Valet parking was very convenient - felt safe leaving the car in the garage across the street from the hotel. When we asked about putting our luggage in the car for the day, the front desk offered to let us store our bags at the hotel while we went out sightseeing all day. The free breakfast was in the lobby, which seemed strange at first, but the food was good and we understand that there is only so much they can do with the space that they have. If I had to go back, I would stay again, solely based on the location and price.	
	good for leisure great location at a reasonable price	Room was clean and pretty big for NYC standards, TV, hair dryer, additional blankets and all first necessities were available. Only negative note: we saw several reception staff, friendly and not, but generally not prepared to give information of any sort. Overall if your purpose is tourism and your main need is a reasonable but confy room, then you're in the right place.	
	Will not say Good ... just OK types	Travel Time: November 2006Reviewer : Gaurav KumarI happened to Stay at this hotel during a business trip to New York. I stayed here for about a month. It was convenient for me to stay at this hotel as this was very close to my office, which was at 1180 Avenue of the Americas.The location of this hotel is excellent as it is at walking distance from Times Square, plus being in Manhattan has a lot of eating options around it.The was comfortable although the staff wasn't very courteous (at times even rude). After Check in I discovered the phone in my room was not working properly. I was unable to take calls in my room, On complaining I was told that this is a problem which only the IT could handle and the next two days being a holiday, it would be done only on the third day.They could not change my room as no rooms were available in the category in which I had a booking. I had to run down to the reception to take calls. Anyways after two days when the IT guy finally came in, I was told there was some wiring problem which would take another day or two. I finally had to put my foot down and after a lot of arguments I was finally upgraded to higher category room :) Leaving this aside the stay was OK.	
	Nice Hotel Great Location	Our room was clean, and nicely appointed. Small, but to be expected given the location. VERY comfortable beds. Staff were friendly and responsive.	
	Phenomenal	Everything about our stay was flawless. We were brought in to the check-in area, which is comparable to a large living room. We sat down (no standing at a check-in desk) and our key cards were brought over to us, after we were offered a bottle of champagne, wine or water.A special thanks goes out to Vanessa at the front desk (I hope Im remembering her name right)she went a very long way to make this stay very special for us! The room was awesome. Unbelievable views of most of the city, and the furnishings were really cool. The bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom was sleek and clean.I highly recommend checking this place out, if even for only one nightwe didnt want to leave.	
	Good choice for group of 3-5 people	I wish there was a 3.5 option in overall ratings for this hotel. 4 seems too high, but 3 too low.This hotel is very much as OP's have described. I found it to be a very good value. Pros:Very large rooms which are also VERY clean, lots of closet space, light-blocking window shades, good beds with good quality linens, very friendly multi-lingual staff, good location (altho I personally prefer the west side as it is easier to get around), excellent access to computers and printers- I think there may have been 8 stations- WIFI fast and dependable. Cons:We really could have used another bath or half-bath (3 women and 1 man), Breakfast was not much- yogurt, cottage cheese, coffee, juice, some rather dried out pastries..probably one of the worst &quot;continental breakfasts&quot; anywhere.Noise- the street noise did not bother me too much, but both daughters and husband commented on it. Oldest daughter said to me, &quot;mom, this is the noisiest place we've stayed in NY&quot;. Not sure why this is a problem as the street in front is not really a busy street, but there did seem to be a great deal of honking at all hours. If you think this might annoy you, ask for a room that does not face the street.We tried 'Mint&quot;, the eating establishment connected to the hotel- not impressed.My husband, our two 20-something daugthers, and myself were visiting NYC and I was looking for a way to avoid 2 hotel rooms at $275 - $325/night for each room for the weekend after Thanksgiving.The San Carlos had a suite with 2 queens in the bedroom and a pullout sleeper in the LR, along with a small &quot;kitchenette&quot; (microwave, sink, refrigerator and utensils) for $300/night. The reviews here on TA were favorable, so I booked it for 3 nights.Thanks to other members for their helpful reviews of this hotel. Very accurate reviews!Saved us hundreds of dollars over 2 separate rooms without sacrificing too much in the way of comfort and space.	
	Charged over 108 USD for a phone call!	Unfortunately i had a relative pass away and urgently needed to use the phone to call home. I did - there was no information or due warning regarding the potential extortion price of one phone call. One 12 minute call and i could have stayed in a better hotel for night.When i asked to speak to the manager he was no avaliable and would not be avaliable tomorrow either. I walked out upset with yet another crampy hotel service.The way i was spoken to was a joke, i walked out and vowed to write a review to inform everybody else of my wrong doing... i should have brought a phone card, but at a urgent matter arose i thought best to deal with the situation at hand.I would tell this manager, you cant charge this price, without due information avaliable on hand, as was the price listed in all the other US hotels, i stayed in..	
Nov 22 2009 	What a view!	I booked a one bedroom suite and was amazed to find our room had views of both the Chrysler Bldg AND the water from the living room windows. The suite itself, was large, modern, well planned and well appointed. The bedroom was quite comfortable, the bathroom was typically small but well designed. The rainshower took some reading of directions to figure out - but not TOO difficult. The Frederic Fekkai bath products were wonderful. The kitchen was well stocked with expensive treats - but no coffee maker?? That was my only head scratcher... and really, when you're in the middle of Manhattan, you are never too far away from coffee!	
	Enjoyed Chelsea Pines Inn very much !	I only have good things to say about Chelsea Pines Inn. From the moment we arrived we were treated as guests should be. Friendly, helpful with shows and resturant recommendations. The extended breakfast hours in the morning helped alot too. I was made to feel welcome and very well taken care of. Thank you to all the staff at Chelsea PInes Inn. I will definitley be back to see you. Regina	
	Had a good stay - we will certainly come back	We had a good stay even if the Front Desk did not meet our expectation : quiet room = not a share room with a door common to another room. Front Desk has pretended that the hotel (100 rooms) was fully booked on wednesday night the 11th of November!!! Easy to cross check in trying to book available rooms in internet! I did not want to waist my time with non well trained and educated staff (it is not a 4 or 5 stars hotel!). We were supposed to move to another room the day after (but not anymore at the 6th floor but on the 2nd!!! super trade off!!! a good way to convince your client to not come back anymore with his requirement). Anyway we found the solution to make more noise than our neighbor and than we could not complain anymore about noise next to our door hahahah (stupid rude french!!!).The hotel is brand new, clean, not noisy cleaning staff, well situated...We certainly come back even if we have the choice of dozen other hotels in NYC that we already tried some of them.Tribeca is again a place to stay!!!Ha by the way : funny coincidence during one night of our stay : fire alarm at 2.00 A.M. and 6 of Fire Trucks came to the hotels with dozen of firemen per Truck!!!! No excuse from the Management or Front Desk about this Non Event. By chance it was not a real fire. I would imagine how the staff would not have manage this situation!!!	
	A Cheap Break	Stayed here for 2 night using some of my points.Yes it is off the beaten track a little but no more than a five minute walk to Times Square and all the hussle and bussle you will need.I would say this is an up and coming area not a run down area as there was construction going on and I did not hear anything throughout the night and cannot comment on the day as we were out. We were on the 31st floor with a great view of the Empire State building and of the Hudson River. Friendly staff that gave good information regarding local services and also organised our return taxi to the airport.We did not feel frightened going out of the hotel anytime of the day and the roads are well lite at night and the hotel is only a couple of hundred yards from the main 8th avenue.I would recommend this hotel on a budget as it is fairly new everything is clean and tidy there is a small kitchen in the room if you want to bring your own food back to cook	
Sep 25 2009 	Great place to stay!	My partner and I have stayed here several times. Each time we've stayed there it improves, not that it needs improving. They just get better each time.The lobby is very clean and there is always a smiling face at the desk. The rooms are small but just right. On this visit our room was larger than before. The bed is amazing. We had a bath tub and shower. Everything was spotless.There room service was fantastic like always. Try the chicken wrap, its very good. And if you want something sweet they have a cake.If you have the chance stay here!	
	Nice stay at the Jane.	I went on my aniversary last novembet 15th. i checked in the jane cause I was staying for 8 nights and the other hotels are very expensive. I read a lot of bad things of the jane, but really it is a great place to sleep, is really clean, the share bathrooms are very clean, the staff is really freindly. The room are really really small, but if you are looking for a place to sleep, it is a great place to stay. My wife and I were looking to get a place to sleep so The Jane it is a great one. Plus is about 10 min. walking to the 8 Ave and 14th St subway station. The neighborhood is pretty safe, between the meetpacking district and Greenwich Village, Chelsea is really near and you can get everywhere by subway.	
Nov 26 2009 	Nice place to stay in the city	My daughter treated my wife and I to an overnight stay in New York at the Hampton as well as a dinner cruise on the Hudson and East River. We took the bus up from the Jersey Shore to the Port Authority and walked the ten easy blocks to the Hampton on 51st and 8th. We arrived early on a Monday afternoon. We were able to check right into our room, so we were able to unpack and go exploring. It is always nice to get an early check-in. We had a cheap but filling lunch at the beer bar around the corner on 51st. Good burgers and some good brews on tap. I had the ten dollar beer and burger special. It came with a pickle and an ample supply of fries. The burger was home made (not a patty). Back to the hotel. One of the elevators was out of service for our whole stay. The one elevator that was in use was definitely overworked. When we arrived we were taken to our room by way of the freight elevator. People were using it during our whole stay. From a liability standpoint, I am not too sure on the advisability of this practice. My wife and I preferred to use the stairs to our 6th floor room. It was good exercise. The room was of ample size. It had a nice 32 inch flat screen tv. The king sized bed was very comfortable. Plenty of pillows and sheets with a good thread count. The bathroom was small though. There was really room for only one occupant at a time. The shower was hot with good water pressure. The heat - air worked well. There were no loud noises or wild parties. The morning breakfast was very well attended. There were waffles as well as all the other items that one expects at a Hampton breakfast. I wish there were some eggs and bacon though. Perhaps they rotate the menu from day to day. The workout room was small but well stocked with treadmills and other equipment. All of the workers we came in contact with seemed to do a good job. The desk was quite professional. I think we will make this hotel the base of operations for any future New York overnight stays. It seemed very popular so one may have trouble getting a last minute booking.	
Nov 23 2009 	Oasis away from Times Square	I came in for business in the Theater District but was reluctant to stay near Times Square as the tourist scene there makes me nuts. But my travel agent recommended The Iroquois and I'm delighted that she did. It's a classy, calm, good-looking hotel with terrific service -- not too stuffy, not too hip, just right. The room was lovely -- delicious bed linens and a Rothko print on the wall. The location is terrific if you need to be mid-town -- it's just far enough east of Times Square to be out of the madness but close enough for an easy walk.	
	Great place to stay while visiting NYC.	The location of this Hotel is Downtown, not Midtown, so if you want to go &quot;where the action is&quot;, you need to go by subway or taxi if you stay at the Wall Street Inn. That being said, staying here was simply a great experience. There is a so much history you just &quot;bump into&quot; being Downtown. We walked alot and learned the subway system, which for me is the way to go. We went as far up as 72nd street to walk through Central Park and go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. We had 3 full days in NYC and barely scratched the surface of what this city has to offer. I expected Battery Park, The Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island and the World Trade Center to be close by, but to find St. Elizabeth Seton's shrine and the museum where the Magnicarta is held, to be right around the corner were unexpected treasures. The desk staff is not warm, but the cleaning crew always had a &quot;hello&quot; and smile for you. You really can't take it personally. However, it is amazing how many New Yorkers do NOT know where a good restaurant is. So, use your guidebook and map and you'll be fine. It is really hard not to have a good meal when in NYC, BTW. I found this hotel to be a great value and safe bet. Have fun!	
	Crowne Plaza Times Square	Amazing hotel. Very posh and pricey but in a wonderful place with brilliant views of times square.	
	Good stay apart from lacking service hospitality	I and my girlfriend spent one week in New York to celebrate her 30th birthday and we spend four of those nights at Carlton and the remaining three at The Surrey which was a much better choice in every way (see separate review). Given the competition of New York hotels in this price range, I would not recommend nor stay at the Carlton again.Pro's:- Location, close to pretty much everything including two subway lines making transport to e.g. Grand Central or points south (Union Square, Financial District) very easy- Quality of the breakfast at the in-house restaurant Country- Well-priced (by NY standards)Con's:- Small room (we had a Deluxe room)- Quantity of the breakfast (we have breakfast included in our package)- They charged us $50 for a three minute US long distance phone call- Lack of customer service. The front desk and bell boy service was not what you expect from a hotel of this standard (given the price tag). At check out, when I asked for help with our luggage they just pointed to the elevator. The friendliest staff there were the maids and porters who would always say greet you in a kind manner and have a little chat with you.	
	Worst experience in a hotel	My friends and I checked in to W Hotel The Court with high hopes that it'll be similar to other W Hotels. We were let down from the beginning till checkout. First off, the hotel elevators were constantly breaking down, and an even more ridiculous thing was that the hotel blamed US for stalling the elevator. They didn't even ask if we were okay, instead they were trying to cast the blame on us for breaking the elevator. The even more ridiculous thing was they didn't even shut it down. There were two elevators, so we avoided the broken one, since we had no interest in plummeting to death. I don't know the names of the staff working at The Court, but I recognize them all of them and none of them were friendly about the situation or to us. Secondly, the room keys NEVER worked, we had to get new room keys EVERYDAY, they say the magnetic strip &quot;de-magnetizes&quot; easily. We didn't even bother with trying after day 1, we just went to the front desk every time we came back to the hotel. Thirdly, the hotel housekeeping was non-responsive to our requests for cleaning the room, and we were not living cheap either. So for three days, our bathroom was piled with towels and the floor was dirty. The only time we got good service was if we ordered room service. Overall, not a good trip.	
	A Good Find in the Upper West Side	We enjoyed our stay at the Excelsior, which is undergoing renovations. We were offered an upgrade to a renovated Jr Suite in the back of the hotel instead of my reservation for a regular King room facing the Museum. However, the smell of new furniture and carpet was a problem for my spouse, so we asked to be moved to an older room. Most people would have been happy with the renovated room, the new TV, and the new furniture. The unrenovated room was nevertheless very nice, spacious and very clean. Although I had wanted a view, in the end I'm happy we didn't get it. The rooms at the back are very quiet, hardly any street noise, and we slept well on a comfortable bed.Staff were pleasant, and a very nice breakfast buffet on the 2nd floor was offered at $12 per person, in a beautifully furnished room.The adjoining restaurant (separate ownership) had a very nice bar off the lobby.The location is excellent. Lots of taxis pass by as 81st is the west side of the 79th St roadway across Central Park. Also the subway to downtown is at the corner.A very pleasant walk across the Park to the Met or the Guggenheim, and across the street is the Natural History Museum and Planetarium.Many good neighborhood (non touristy) restaurants nearby. Great shopping just west on Broadway (again, geared for New Yorkers, not tourists, which is a plus).Prices at the Excelsior seemed reasonable by comparison to other hotels closer to midtown.We would certainly go back.	
	Wouldn't stay here again	The only reason to stay here is because of the location. The service isn't great, the rooms are only so-so and the amenities are just average. If you can afford to go somewhere else, please do.	
Nov 18 2009 	WORST Hotel Experience of my LIFE! DO NOT Stay Here!!	For the ridiculous price of the hotel, I figured my stay here would be at least satisfactory. Well, that was clearly not the same plan this hotel had for me. I was greeted by an extremely unpleasant woman, at the front desk who handed me my key and that was it. But this is NYC, so unpleasant people are the norm. I made my way to my room on the 11th floor, when I walked in the room, it was clearly unmade. The previous guest had just left so the room was trashed. Figuring they made a mistake, I went back down to the lobby for a new room. I waited, and now got a room on the 4th floor, feeling a little disappointed, I made myself comfortable. After-all this was my birthday trip! About 10 minutes after being in room #2 we realize, the bathroom door doesn't work. The sliding door literally doesn't open or close. We call down to the lobby getting more frustrated after 10 minutes of being on hold with no answer. I made my way back down to the lobby for the second time, and they said they would send someone up to look at it. After waiting another 45 minutes, I ask for a manager. They send a contractor to our room who comes to the obvious conclusion that the door is completely off the hinge and isn't even embedded in the concrete, and it will take days to fix. They finally reassign us to another room. This time on the 17th floor...sounds like an upgrade for all of our troubles right? WRONG! This was a complete down grade! The theme of the room was 1972, again, the bathroom handle didn't work...apparently they don't like for their guests to have privacy. Completely FURIOUS, of horrible staff and hotel, we consider changing hotels but of course it was already paid for, and we are there to see the city not the hotel. Guess what the hotel doesn't tell their guests? There is CONSTRUCTION going on for 8am -7pm EVERYDAY. Yep, that was just the icing on the cake to the worst hotel experience of my life. If this rant saves one person from staying at this hell hole than my job is done.	
	Really nice!	Stayed here with my husband for 5 nights. We were really pleased with the hotel, our room was spacious, stylish and ultraclean and we even had a side view to the Empire State Building. Staff was very helpful and polite. Location is just perfect!One night when we returned from dinner there was a complimentary box of chocolates for us - that made us happy!Only minus was that in the breakfast restaurant it was really cold, the AC was full on although it wasn't hot outside...	
Nov 16 2009 	Arty doesn't have to equal grimy	We booked the Carlton Arms after reading the website and online reviews. Some things are true - it is one of the cheapest places you'll find, has a good location and no bed bugs or anything bad like that. However, it's quite dirty, dark, and the friendly staff which I've read about didn't seem to be on duty during our stay! The hotel is a few minutes' walk from a subway and from Park Ave, and there are loads of restaurants and bars very close by. The location feels safe and convenient. When we arrived we weren't given a choice of rooms. The one we got was ok. It was on the first floor so only two flights of steep stairs to manage. However, the room was very dark. The beds are the creakiest I've laid on for a while, the sheets were clean but the sink in the room was really, really dirty (rust and general dirt) and I had to restrain myself from buying some cleaning equipment and doing it myself. Also, the window didn't close properly so there was a constant draft (which wasn't too much of a problem as the heating was usually on and the room was boiling hot) but it wasn't great in terms of security. My main problem with the room was that it clearly hadn't been cleaned to any proper standard for years. Yes it had been hoovered but there was a layer of dust on the table and bedside lamp and a generally grimy, student house feeling. It was really noisy at night (street noise through our open window and the banging heating pipes) but I had earplugs so it was ok. We had a shared bathroom which was quite clean and we hardly ever had to wait for it. There was a room where we could leave our luggage when we checked out, and during our stay, there was one friendly guy on the front desk who ws helpful in answering our questions. The rest of them seemed a bit surly and unfriendly. Overall, I'd say that the wesbite is very good and the art photographs well. However I'd like it if they paid more attention to the more boring parts of running a hotel such as cleaning and maintaining the rooms. It's an old building, true, but I wouldn't have thought that dusting the rooms should be too difficult. It really feels like you're staying in a dirty student boy's house.	
Nov 8 2009 	My new favorite hotel in New York City	I've stayed in several hotels in NYC and I will never stay anywhere else but the Lafayette House ever again! It's a beautiful hotel in a great location. I was traveling with two teenages and our room had a queen sized bed and they brought in a very comfortable air mattress. The room is very large for a NYC hotel room (sitting room with fireplace was gorgeous) and the bathroom was quite nice and well outfitted. If you want to stay in a place that is more like living in a NYC neighborhood than a box hotel --- this is your kind of place!	
Nov 25 2009 	Great location but disappointing rooms and AWFUL heating system!	OK so the location was amazing if you want a cool downtown location away from the crowds in Soho. And the general ambience was one of efficiency (including the staff who were all courteous). And I know the rates are reasonable, so I'm not expecting the Carlyle,....BUT there are some fundamental things wrong with this hotel that aren't acceptable at ANY price level.- the heating is blown-hot air (rather than piped central heating). Maybe this is normal in NYC though I've stayed plenty of hotels &amp; apartments before in NYC and NEVER come across this before. The fans are RIGHT by the beds so if you want to stay warm at night the noise means you can really barely sleep. Plus there's that unpleasant feeling of hot air blowing round the room.- WORSE, the bathrooms had NO heating WHATSOEVER.... We were there in a very mild November (T shirts some days) and this was unpleasant, so I can't imagine how uncomfortable this is when it's properly cold!!! Unbelievable!- We were told all rooms had the same issues (they acknowledged the building had been badly built!!).- The bathroom STANK of urine (sorry, but there's no other way to put it). It's probably just cheap cleaning fluid on cheap shower curtains, but combined with the above issues it didn't add to our feeling of comfort! And they couldn't fix this.The rooms were a good size and the beds were great however, but I wouldn't stay here again for the above reasons.FYI, if you're willing to not book in advance, when we were there friedns of ours were staying in the Mercer for LESS money than we paid for this hilton... and I'm comparing pay-in-advance Hilton best rates versus turn-up-on-the-door-and-see-what-the-best-rate is at the Mercer!!! Hmm sometimes it pays to be not so well organised!FYI	
	Location Location Location	Great location great service the most comfortable bed ever. I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights in August and it is a great hotel. The staff are all very helpful and attentive. I dined in the restaurant for dinner and breakfast and could not fault it on either occasion. I would recommend this hotel to any of my family and friends.	
	Perfect bolthole	My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights on a pre xmas shopping break in November 2009 and found it to be a really good choice, the rooms are very small as per some of the other reviews, and as a result storage space is practically nil, and the free WiFi isn't really worth bothering with because it keeps dropping out. However they are the only negatives of the hotel, the location is great for access to Soho, Noho &amp; Greenwich village on foot, while the uptown madness is also only a short ride away on the F V subway line or by foot also.I noted one of the other reviewers complained about the price, saying he was paying near 250 a night, I'd also be insensed if I was paying that much but we picked the East Houston for economy and location, paying only 130 a night and to that end we feel we got what we paid for. Rooms are clean and the shower room, while having one glass wall which isn't ideal, is a reasonable size. Decor is attractive while being unremarkable, in the flock wall papered style favoured by 'boutique' hotel proprietors. There is an iPod docking stereo in the bedroom and bulgari toileteries in the bathroom. Most importantly the room was clean and the the bed comfortable, even if you may be disturbed by the traffic and street life outside, but you'd have to expect that from a city that never sleeps.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Value Location and Staff	Off Soho had a mistake on its website about a rate. I called just to confirm instead of just booking on the site. The employee who answered swore it must have been a mistake but brought up the website to double check to see if what I saw was right. He saw the price I saw and honoured it on the 4 person suite. Automatically that swayed me into thinking this hotel had great customer service. We showed up early for check-in due to a tough drive/train ride into town and not being able to use up enough time after arriving due to really windy weather, cold, tired, and carrying a backpack. The staff didn't have a problem with us showing up 2 hours before check-in (not that I'd always suggest this though) and our room was ready. The hotel itself is compact and understandably so. I wasn't expecting wide open corridors with mile high ceilings. It was clean, fashionable, bright, and, comfortable. Upon arrival into the room it was a bit worn but large, very large actually, and well put together. One complaint is the couch/extra bed. It looks good but it is not practical or all that comfortable. Each of us had a hard time finding a comfortable position while relaxing between ventures out into the city. The bathroom, like the rest of the room was large too. The toilet warning sign means what it says. It is very low flow and don't try to flush too much TP in a sitting, give a lil and flush, and then go for another flush which kinda defeats the point of a low flow if you gotta flush a few times. The shower had great pressure and heat but both were a tad difficult to control at first. The room we had was easy to control some fresh air rather than use the AC. Overall, I think this hotel has a great location as it is close to several subway stops, many delicious restaurants, bars, and music venues. It's very close to Chinatown and Little Italy as well. I'd book here again even at a regular rate but was glad the staff gave me the rate listed on the website. That went a long way for me. I'd actually have to say that the biggest complaint was the internet available. It was slow and not very reliable.	
	very good location and good quality hotel	the location is good, and nearby there are many subway stops. Shopping center Macy's and the empire state building are within walking distance. the rooms are very comfortable and clean, medium in size and with a fair size bathroom. We were given a renovated room and the furniture and bed were very good. Our room was on the 34th floor so the view on Manhattan was incredible!the check in was very smooth and after that we never had to get in touch with hotel staff: the key room is also a pass for the hotel facilities and is very easy to use. they provide complimentary wireless connection in the rooms which is a plus. we tried once the tick tock diner that is hotel property and weren`t very impressed for the service, cleaning standards and the food quality. then they wrote on the bill the tip amount they requested... needless to say we went there only once.	
	Review of the fitzpatrick manhattan	After reading a few reviews on here I decided to share my opinion. This was my 2nd time staying at the fitzpatrick manhattan and the good remained good and the mediocre remained mediocre. The bad part of the stay was once again with the desk. While some of the agents were good It was the same girl giving us attitude on our first stay repeating it the second time. We were put in a regular room when we were suppose to have two beds in a suite and all she would say is that we would have to pay extra for it if I couldn't find my confirmation. I explained to her that I had forgotten it and she said there was nothing she could do. I had to speak to the reservation manager and explained to her that I had just booked 5 rooms with her and one of the rooms was suppose to be a 2 bed suite. In about a minute she said it was a mistake on the hotels end and she apologised and everything was fixed.We had started our trip on a bad note but that was the only problem we had.The positive note on our stay besides the brilliant rooms was the concierge Michael who booked us 3 shows and a few restaurants for us not including the loads of times he guided us to the right places. He made our stay excellent both times we were here and always did it with a smile. The bar staff were also great especially David who was always great. The new specials they have at The Fitz is lighter on the wallet. I will be back in a few months and hope to see the good stay good and the bad become good.	
	Excellent clean and what a location!	What a pleasant find! The room and bathroom were c-l-e-a-n. The mattress was new and very comfortable. The included breakfast was good, convenient and unlimited. The front desk staff was great! There was discounted parking in the garage directly across the street. All of this a block away from Times Square! You just can't beat it.	
Nov 18 2009 	Very Happy Experience	I stayed in Enjoy Suites for 4 nights in a 2 bedroom apartment. We were delighted when we opened the door to see how big the apartment was. We were on the corner of the building too which was great as we had glass going right the way round the living area. Housekeeping knocked in every morning we were there to clean and supply fresh towels which i didn't expect every day but was great. Location wise the apartments were excellent. We walked almost everywhere. You are pretty much in the middle of things with the empire state only a few blocks away. Also when we arrived it was dark. We had heard there was a roof garden so we had to take a look. Its on the 24 floor i think. Wow, what a view.... pretty cool to have a great view of the New York sky line from the building you are staying in. Would much prefer the apartment we had in envoy suites to a hotel as have now done both. The only negative point I would have is one of us was sleeping on the pull out sofa bed and was the most uncomfortable sofa bed I've ever lay on. But in the bigger picture of things this didn't take too much from everything. Who needs sleep in New York anyway!!	
	Clean pleasant convenient hotel.	My husband and I stayed here over Thanksgiving (2 nights). We purposely chose a hotel away from the craziness of the parade route, even though we knew we'd be going to watch it. This hotel is located less than one block from the W 4th St. subway entrance (a pleasant surprise), making it easy to come and go as we pleased. We quickly learned when getting off the subway here to follow exit signs for W 8th St. (not W 3rd). That brings you up to the Waverly Place and W 4th intersection, closest to the hotel. The hotel lobby is small, but clean and nicely decorated. There is only one small elevator, which was not a problem until morning hours when we had to wait for it to arrive. Continental breakfast was typical (croissants, muffins, fresh fruit, cereal, etc.) but I noticed people were waiting in line to be seated when we had finished. Glad we got there early. Our room was spacious for New York (if you can walk around the bed, it's spacious), and the bathroom was very clean and nicely appointed. I did not find the mattress that comfortable, but liked the bedding. The room was stuffy so we used the AC and it worked fine. Our windows looked out onto another building, but the view was unimportant to us since our plan was to go out and DO things vs. look out the window. However, it was a bit disconcerting to have no blinds/shade in the bathroom; just the bubbly privacy glass. And there WAS a room across the way where someone could have enjoyed voyeuristic views, I suppose. I just kept the bathroom light off. All in all, a pretty good experience.	
Nov 23 2009 	I'll be back!	Small, quiet and very comfortable hotel. Wonderful bed and shower. Great location!	
	A very trendy and cool hotel right in the heart on Manhatten.	The hotel is in excellent location, just a couple of blocks away from Broadway (Time Square)I choose this hotel because of the cool pictures on their website. Altough it was not as cool as on the website, the hotel still is very modern and stylish.As I just used the hotel to sleep, I can only give my opinions regarding my room and my impressions. I did not use any of the their facilities and also did not have the chance to experience either the restaurant and bar.The room I booked was a standard room. It was very clean and stylish, but a little small for my taste.The bathroom is pretty decent and provides branded toiletries from L'Occitaine.As I almost never were in the hotel I cannot express myself to much about the staff. But the guy that brought my bags to my room was very friendly and helpful. The same guy escorted me when I departed. So, my only interaction with the staff was basically just him.As I mentioned earlier the location is just excellent, you can reach anywhere in NY midtown by foot. There is also an undergorund station just outside the hotel's entrance.In my opinion the hotel is most suitable for younger crowd (18-30)Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Dream.	
	Great Hotel and Great Locations	This hotel and location are great. I have stayed at many hotels in the City and I must say this one is one of the best. The location is great even being in the middle of Time Square which I normally do not like but views were awesome. Restaurants and bars on 8th floor were very convenient and for us to eat or just relax and enjoy the lights. Rooms were good size, clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay here again!	
	A small hotel with a big personality! Great service and a home away from home!	I travelled to New York on 23rd November with my cousin for six nights and stayed at the Hotel Reserve. The room was lovely and just enough space for the two of us, it was also serviced everyday without fail. The hotel is very small but I found this one of the possitves of the hotel as the staff really look after their guests and get to know them individually. I work for a large hotel chain and can honestly say i prefer the Hotel Reserve's atmosphere and will return next time I visit the city. The service was brilliant throughout the stay and we found the staff great to talk too and very helpful when we needed assistance! One imparticular was 'Curtis', one of the front office supervisors. He was great to talk with and always wanted to know how our day had gone, and was keen to help us find anything that we needed to see, he always had a witty story for us! A really lovely guy!The hotel had a bar attached to it and we found it very friendly and the locals were always keen to chat to us. Itreally came in handy as we were too exausted from all the sightseeing during the day to leave the hotel at night. The hotel is situated in a quiet area however its a two minute walk from the subway station that would get you across town in no time! Dont let the location put you off as we were travelling around the city everyday and found it no problem for us!Overall we loved this hotel and its staff for their excellent customer service!	
	Great comfortable room in a stylish hotel	We booked two deluxe double doubles and the rooms were spacious. The beds were comfortable. The room was very hot despite turning off the heat and turning on the A/C. The second room had some plumbing issues. The staff was really friendly and helpful and displayed none of the superior attitude that you often encounter in upscale hotels.	
	Fantastic Hotel Great location Great Price Great Staff	Just back from a 4 night stay in the Marriott Eastside. I was a bit hesitant staying on Lexington Ave as on previous trips to NYC I have always stayed close to Times Square, but it was the best location ever. The hotel is located less than 5 minutes walk from 5th Ave and less than 10 minutes walk from Times Square. The staff were very friendly and efficient especially the Irish Porter from Donegal. He was so pleasant and helpful. We had room service one night as we could not walk any more after our day shopping. The food and service was great and only cost $70 for dinner for two with beer and tea included. Never again will I stay in hotels close to Times Square, I'll be staying in the Marriott. The concierge was great and organised a 'town car' for us to go the airport in and it only cost $75 including tolls and tips - again this is the cheapest fare we have ever paid to the airport from a hotel in NYC. This is my seventh trip to NYC and would have to say the best trip ever by far and this was all down to the fantastic hotel that I stayed in. I'll be back!	
	Greatest hotel staff that I have ever encountered	I have traveled all over the world and have never stayed in a hotel where EVERYONE was as sincerely nice, attentive, efficient, and kind as the staff at Hotel Chandler. The rooms were very lovely and comfortable but the people who run this hotel really know the secret to success and that is making the traveler feel comfortable and cared for. I would never stay anywhere else after this positive experience.	
	Meet our expectations- safe clean and comfortable	In NYC for Thanksgiving parade, etc. with family of 12 that includes four children ages 6-10. Hotel opened in early 2009 and is new. Hotel has 8 rooms per floor; four of the rooms face 40th Street while the other four rooms are on the back of the hotel. We had four rooms on the 27th floor. Two faced 40th Street while the other two rooms are on the back of the hotel and are quieter. Suggest you request rooms on back of hotel and higher floor for quietness. Rooms size is fine, clean with comfortable bed and pillows. Hotel has three elevators and even though the hotel was full the wait for an elevator was not long. Free breakfast was fine (coffee, hot chocolate, juice, fruit, cereal, toast, bagales, muffins, and biscuits with egg and meat). The free breakfast is nice benefit especially when you have kids. Breakfast room size is fine. 40th street is not the nicest but we always felt safe with our kids and never had a problem. There is a subway stop (40th Street and 8th Av.) within 150 feet of the hotel; you can also walk underground from this subway stop to the Times Square station which is great. The hotel is next to a Sheraton Four Points, and a new hotel is being built on the other side the Fairfield Inn. The hotel is across the street from a major bus terminal and it is easy to get a cab. We were there for 5 nights, our stay was fine, and we had no problems with this hotel. The hotel is fine for a family who wants to bring kids to NYC. It is safe, clean and comfortable.	
	Good location inefficient and manipulative front desk management	I stayed as single in this hotel for 2 night. I choose it for its location and amenities shown on website. I had requested for an early checkin at 2 pm instead of 3 pm. I reached at hotel at 2 pm, had a good welcome reception. I showed my internet booking and was shown my room. The single accomodation room shown in website was far different thn actually offered. It actually looked like servant's quarters with dirty linen, filth on floor and badly smelling. I refused to accept the room and come back to reception. Suddenly the smile on face of receptionist changed to a rude look. I insisted that room given is not same as shown and described on website. Finally I asked to talk to manager. Manager bluntly told me that as I have booked thru a travel website, he can not gurantee the same room. He insisted that I should have booked a room thru hotel's website. When I said that I will put your opinion on internet, he got scared and changed his tune. Finally he said, that they offered me a inferior room because I asked for early checkin. If I want the described room that I should wait till 3 pm. It was already 2.30 so I agreed. Finally with a very painful face, he allotted me room at 3.30 (30 min later that check in time) but now there was another news. The said room was in old wing, for which I have to walk a longer distance and go down stairs with luggage, before I can board the lift. the room is all surrounded with no exterior window except on opening in garbage collection area. However, i was so tired by this time that I accepted the room and went for a bath. Oohh. Suddenly someone entered my room with another key and came right upto bathroom door. I shouted and she went away. I called reception and I was told that cleaning staff did not know that I am in the room. I again accepted his apology. After 10 min, when I was getting ready for an evening out, AGAIN..... another girl came in and surprised me. This time I really got nervous because I was worried about intentions of staff, and I was in a secluded room with probably no one in nearby rooms. Manager again offered his apology and a free breakfast!!! I kept on thinking for two days, Can a free breakfast wipe away all the bad things that were done by Hotel Manager intentionally or un intentionally. May be this was a exception incidence, but was very bad for me.	
	Clean and friendly	I arrived in New York by train and the hotel is located only a couple blocks from Penn Station, so the location was convenient. The price was reasonable for staying in the city. The room was clean (always my top priority).The front desk staff was very friendly. Breakfast was included with the room and included a buffet with cereal, fruit, bread, pastries, coffee, eggs, etc. It was busy during the breakfast rush, but I had no problem finding a table. The wireless was free and worked great in my room.My only complaint is the noise level in the room. I could hear everything in the hallway. My neighbor was in and out of her room all night and I could hear the door open and slam shut every time.	
	Disappointment	I had high expectations for this hotel given its reputation, and was really wowed by the architecture upon entering. Things went mostly downhill from there. The staff lacked the warmth and willingness to assist I would expect from a Four Seasons. This was obvious from the moment we checked in, but got worse when we notified the front desk that we had no hot water. They said they would flip a switch and get the hot water running, but that did not happen. When we called again, they finally sent a repairman (rather than simply send us to a room that had hot water). He still did not get it fixed. After calling one more time and getting blown off, we just shivered for the rest of our visit (it was snowing outside). Smaller issues, but ones that I would not expect at this hotel: dirty dishes stacked up and abandoned on a tray next to us at the restaurant; a 45-minute wait for room service to bring granola and coffee, with no explanation offered. The room is big by NY standards and of course the location is great, but St. Regis and Ritz-Carlton are far superior in terms of the appointment of the rooms and service in this area.	
Nov 18 2009 	Very good with some limitations	This hotel is in a fabulous location near major subway lines and the express bus to La Guardia. The lobby is very nice, the bar is pretty good, and the outdoor veranda is nice. The rooms are very nice and very clean and comfortable. Its limitations relate to the front desk staff who are varied in expertise and friendliness (eg - &quot;just go Lex Ave and you'll get a cab really easy&quot; - what!????!). Another problem we found in trying to print out boarding passes in the lobby. Most good hotels provide a purpose dedicated computer and printer for its guests to print out boarding passes 24 hours ahead. One has to ask the lobby concierge to do it for you at Fitzpatricks, and if they mess it up, tough luck (and they are not very computer savvy!). Then you're stuck checking in at the busy airport terminal.......not pleasant. Its happened me more than once, so its a real deal. But on balance, if you can put up with that, I'd recommend this to stay in and I'll prob stay there again.	
	$1800 STOLEN FROM MY ROOM BY HOTEL STAFF!!!...	$1800 Stolen from our room at the Sofitel New York Thanksgiving weekend...Both hotel security &amp; NYPD made a report &amp; said &quot;It was most likely an &quot;inside job&quot; &amp; good luck trying to recover the loss&quot;...I've contacted the hotel manager and he said &quot;deal with NYPD and NEVER contact neither him nor the hotel regarding the stolen $ again...They are NOT responsible!&quot;...I would assume a so called 4 star luxury hotel would hire only licensed/bonded professional housecleaning/staff working for them but apparently not!...I am warning everyone NOT to stay at this hotel...It is very overrated...We booked a &quot;luxury king&quot; room and upon arrival were given a small standard room with a queen bed because they claimed to be overbooked...After complaining for 20 minutes, the apathetic staff with faux French accents and major attitude finally agreed to comp us breakfast...Unbelievable!!! This definitely was the WORST hotel stay I've ever encountered in New York. I frequently travel worldwide for both business &amp; pleasure &amp; I have NEVER been robbed in my hotel room &amp; treated so poorly...Stay away from this hotel !!!	
	Good Standard clean and efficient. Very central for shops and sights	Overall a good hotel and we enjoyed our stay. Facilities are good and staff are helpful.We were very annoyed by the 11 dollars charge for using the phone for local calls even if you only connected for seconds. Outrageous price. Don't know what the food was like, we always ate out even for breakfast. There's plenty of choice around. Wifi was expensive and only payable by the day, though there is free internet terminals in the executive lounge.	
Nov 19 2009 	All in all best place to stay in NYC - more bang for your buck	Have been staying at the Sherry -Netherland for 10 years , about twice a year . If you don't need the &quot; big hotel &quot; feel , then this is the best place to stay in the city . Try and get a room/suite on the highest floor you can . The rooms/suites are all different , and if for some reason you don't like the one they have for you , most of the time they will give you another one . For what you get , it is a real deal .	
	Great location Huge room snotty concierge and front desk	We are a world traveling gay couple and rarely find homophobia. Upon arrival at the hotel we were greeted by a young lady at the front desk. She asked us three times if it was correct that we wanted a king size bed. When we assured her that it was correct she sneered and looked like she was going to be ill. Maybe she was, to her defense. It was not a warm greeting.The next day we asked the concierge what time the TKTS discount broadway ticket booth in Times Square opened and he said he had no idea and walked off. That stunned the both of us. Later on in the day a different concierge was on hand and was very helpful. The room was huge, comfortable and clean. The location can't be beat. We will recommend this hotel for friends but will probably stay somewhere else on our next visit to NYC.	
	Perfect boutique hotel in NYC	Hotel is quiet, streets are quiet at night. But hotel is close to pretty much everywhere you'll want to go. Short walk to Bryant Park, Grand Central Station. A little longer walk or short subway or cab ride to Rockefeller Center, Central Park and the Lower East Side. Rooms were pleasant with enough room to move around, leave luggage on floor, put things away, etc. Windows actually opened which was a nice touch that few hotels offer. Was able to easily open window to get a little cool air while packing. Beds were comfortable with lots of extra pillows; both sides of bed had little tables and lamps. Hotel decor happened to be exactly our style with bright colors; made everything feel more cheery. Excellent breakfast buffet at a reasonable price for NYC. No complaints. Staff all friendly and helpful. They seemed to have a brief problem with heat. At least that's what we were told when they delivered a space heater BEFORE we noticed any problem. Never needed to use it. Heat worked fine just a few hours later. Also nice that we found a superb rate on Kayak. They offer parking at a very reasonable rate for Manhattan, but we didn't even need to use it. Got great advice about where to park car to get free parking spaces within 2 blocks of hotel on weekdays and weekend. Don't know if we'll ever be able to afford the hotel again, but I'd love to go back.	
	fantastic place	I stayed at the Michelangelo this past Sat. night (11/28). This hotel is very inviting, the service was timely, the atmosphere warm and elegant. Our room was extremely comfortable, clean and very quiet! The bed/pillows/linens were exceptional. The bathroom suite was fantastic. Everyone who assisted us from the doorman to the concierge was very helpful, friendly and pleasant. The morning coffees are very good, along w/ croissant/scones. I would definitely stay here again without hesitation. Very convenient location.	
	Rooms are small but overall it was a great hotel - I'd stay here again!	I would highly recommend this hotel - not only is it in a fantastic spot in Manhattan (walking distance to 5th Ave and the subway etc) but it's neat, tidy and a decent price.Our room had 2 single beds inside, I must admit it was much smaller than I expected, but it didn't bother us one bit - we're in New York, if you're going to spend extended amounts of time in your room, then you're crazy! So the tiny room suited us because all we did in there was sleep. It was clean and comfortable and was within our budget ($1000 for 5 nights - booked on expedia).I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
	Good Solid Hotel	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Omni Berkshire. There were 3 of us in total. We had requested a room with 2 beds however the best they could do was a room with 1 bed and then a put up bed. To be honest I didnt think that this was acceptable. We had booked at the beginning of the year so there really was no excuse. Im not happy with put up beds  when you pay for a nice hotel you expect a proper bed to sleep on. The 1st room we were given was so small  we just couldnt figure out where the put up bed would go as it was so small so we asked to be moved to a larger room  we were given a larger room and I was impressed with the swiftness of this however really on arrival we should have been given this originally.The concierge were the best thing about the hotel  so incredibly helpful and full of knowledge. Everyone in the hotel was friendly. We had dinner in the restaurant  very good quality. The resturant manager was very professional and friendly.The hotel and room was very very clean. Location wise it was excellent  it was just by Cartier on 5th Avenue  so a short walk to central park  and very need a tube station.One thing I must say is that on arrival  they demanded taking approximately $50 per day for a charge against the room in case we charged anything to the room. Most odd. I have stayed at many many hotels and not once have I ever encountered this. We will await this back on to our card  they did say itd take 3 business days  so we shall see! We did say that we wouldnt be charging to the room and if we did we would be paying immediately by cash.The meat packing district is good for bars, clubs and resturants.We had dinner at the Plaza and also on a different day - lunch. Both were lovely.The hotel is very nice. I would consider staying again.	
	value/location/clean	This hotel is for those looking for location,price,and cleanliness, not 5 star. This hotel was on central park west, 2 blocks from a subway, basic but clean, helpful staff, fuzzy tv reception, private bath, requested room with a balcony and overlooking central park, got both. Paid with tax $134 in nyc november. I saw hostels with shared bathrooms for that price.	
	Great Hotel	This hotel is a great find considering it is in Manhattan, if you love Broadway and that is part of your reason for coming to NYC, stay here. Its very close to the broadway theatres (Especially the Gershwin, where &quot;Wicked&quot; plays..one block away). The rooms are very small and are great if you are traveling alone or with your spouse. I would NOT recommend this hotel if you have children with you as most of the rooms are single twin beds or double twin beds. Other than that, the rate was great and although the hotel does have a restaurant, I found it too expensive and there are cheaper places to eat, you just need to walk around and explore until you find something that appeals to you.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great location and excellent value	Booked this hotel back in the summer before it opened for a friends weekend in New York. Perfect location for plays, shopping, restaurants. Excellent breakfast. Rooms very clean and people at the desk were very friendly. Fantastic price for this location is New York City!	
Nov 23 2009	Fantastic highly reccommend!!!	I have stayed here twice altogether on two seperate trips to New York, i would reccommend this hotel to anyone!! Rooms are clean, nice size, all staff are fabulous with great manners and cant do enough. If you want ideal location, good price, clean and not stuffy then this hotel is ideal!! However if you want the once-in-a-lifetime trip to New York then i doubt this hotel will be for you, because your expectations will far out weigh what this hotel actually offers. You cannot expect 5* plus at this gem but by god its smack dab where i think sums up New York at its best Downtown where everything is not over priced for the tourist unlike Midtown etc. I have NEVER EVER felt afraid in the areas around this hotel and being a hated smoker i even stood outside taking a phone call at 3am having a smoke and didnt feel at all frightend. I love this area and would and have encouraged friends to come here when they have travelled to New York!!	
	Bedbugs!!!!	I woke up with red welts on my back. They moved me to a new room and offered me free breakfast. That it!I have never experienced this before and sincerely hope it never happens to me again.	
	Kimberly Suite	We had a two bedroom suite with an outside deck with limited but nice views from the 19th floor. Full compact kitchen, two baths, really nice older hotel. Lots of action by the lobby and out on the street.	
Nov 15 2009 	Moorish Zen in this NY-oasis	I've stayed in a lot of nice/luxurious/design/artyfarty/... hotels in my life, and I must say: The Greenwich Hotels has become a new favourite.Very stylish. Very relaxing. No cold NY-design. Gorgeous spa. The NY-answer to Hazienda Benazuza in Sevilla.My general advice: don't go there: keep the place exclusive... :-)	
	GET NO BETTER THAN THIS	Excellant hotel in every aspect, size of room, spotless clean, modern, everything worked! Anna on reception was a star other girls nice but not as chattyTry the Ninja restaurant on hudson street you wont be disappointed and try the chicken wings from Mudville 9 again just around corner. Close to subway and loads of bars we liked Ward 111 great personal service from the guys.If you go to NY a personal tour from REAL NEW YORK TOURS is a must	
Nov 26 2009 	Huge rooms - clean comfortable and friendly!	We stayed two nights in this wonderfully located spot. We were so pleasantly surprised. We've stayed in several different properties in the city and have always been stuck in a small NYC-style hotel room. THIS was a terrific surprise - a huge room by New York City standards! The room was extremely clean, as are all Marriott properties. What was even better was that we requested early check-in (we arrived in the city at 11 a.m.) and expected to have to check our bags because rooms are never ready that early. Our room was ready, and on the high floor (29) that we requested. We checked in and noted that the refrigerator we asked for was not in the room. On the way out for the afternoon, we asked for it - it was there when we returned. I cannot say enough about the service and friendliness of the staff. Ferguson on security was over the top friendly! You won't have to look for him - you'll know him the minute he greets you! It seemed that all single women were accompanied to their rooms by a security person every time, although I never at any time felt anything but safe and secure in this property. That is a nice touch - the property managers obviously care a great deal about their clientele. I won't go into any more details, but I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone for any reason. Really great experience and we will return.	
Nov 24 2009 	Hotel was perfect!	The hotel is right around the corner from the Empire State Building and walking distance from Times Square. Staff was very helpful and the hotel was very clean and comfortable.	
	If the security of your belongings doesn't matter to you this hotel is probably fine.	This SHOULD have been a glowing review, but sadly, I would actively steer people AWAY from this hotel. Everything went along nicely during our 3 night stay --we thought the price was right, the location was good and the room and amenities were nice. Unfortunately, money vanished from our room safe and I would not feel safe staying in the hotel again....nor can I recommend the hotel to friends or colleagues. Here are the facts:We stayed in the hotel for 3 nights in mid November. During our stay, we used the hotel safe for our valuables and extra cash so we wouldn't have to carry it on the street. The night before we checked out, we took our valuables and some of the cash out of the safe, leaving $250 in the safe and locking it with our security code. We checked out the next day and though I am a very experienced traveler and always check the room thoroughly before checking out, we forgot to empty the safe. We left the hotel at 10 a.m. and only realized our mistake at 4pm when we immediately called the hotel.Supposedly, the security person on duty went to my room and used a hand held device which can over ride my personal security code. I waited on hold while he checked my room. When he got back on the phone, we said, &quot;I'm sorry, but the safe was empty&quot;.Of course, it is his word against mine, but I SAW the money in the safe and know it was locked when we left the room. If no one opened the safe in the meantime, how would you explain the vanishing act?I next talked to the head of security for the hotel several times. During our first conversation, he said that he personally went with the security person when our safe was opened. During our next conversation, when I pressed him on whether or not he SAW the safe being opened and that it was empty, he retracted his earlier statement and said, &quot;No, I didn't go to the room, I stayed at the elevator.&quot; Therefore,d the person who opened the safe had no witness. I found this revelation to be more than a bit disturbing. Why did he change his story?Next, I asked to speak to the hotel manager. I waited more than 5 hours to receive his call back. While he apologized on behalf of the hotel, he couldn't explain the discrepancy in the security staff's story and promised to &quot;get to the bottom of the situation and get back to me&quot;. I said that I looked forward to his full report and while I wish we could get our money back, I was more concerned about the hotel instituting a better security system and follow through. It has now been nearly two weeks since the incident and I haven't heard anything further from the manager......To his credit, he offered to offer a complimentary stay on a future visit, but until this issue is fully investigated and resolved, I wouldn't feel safe staying at the hotel.So....if you stay at the Empire Hotel, just remember that you are better off carrying your valuables with you. For the money that we lost, we could have upgraded to a better (and safer) hotel.One other point, during our stay, the lobby was closed off for an entire day as a TV show, Gossip Girl was being filmed there. I'm sure the hotel is compensated for the use of the space, but it added nothing but inconvenience to our stay as we had to go through alternate entrances, etc. It made me feel like the hotel was trying to use the space to make as much money as possible without any concern for how this might affect the guests. When I mentioned this issue to the front desk staff, they said the lobby was being used by a film crew nearly every week, so it is not a one off situation, but an on-going inconvenience to future guests.	
	Fantastic Hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Blue Moon Hotel during November and had a great time.The hotel is lovely with little bits of history all over the place.Our room was lovely and with plenty of room, it also had a small balcony over looking the Williamsburg Bridge. The bed was firm ensuring a great nights sleep. The bathroom was well appointed, but you had to flush the toilet a few times for it to clear. The shower was powerful, but the towels for drying yourself were on the small side.The front of house guy who we met on our first day, Paul, was fantastic. So friendly and full of information. He really made a difference to our stay.We would definitely stay there again. The hotel is in a great location for getting around New York and the neighbour hood has some lovely restaurants in strolling distance.	
	Great location great service and comfort at the best quality/price!	This hotel is a gem. If you like smaller hotels with attentive service, this is the place! The whole staff is very nice, polite , smiling at all times, from front desk to housekeepers, breakfst staff etc. Breakfast is included and is very good, including good coffee. Rooms are clean but a bit small.But who cares, we are in NY to visit and shop, not to stay in the room! The location is perfect, litterally 2 blocks from Penn station, Macy's, Empire State building etc. We even walked all the way to Times Square, Broadway and Central park (need time for that however!) I will go back and recommend it anytime! The price makes it even more attractive : app. 250$US for room with 2 double bed) .	
	Not for luxury or romance but perfect for a girlie shopping trip!	I travelled to NYC with 3 girlfriends for a shopping trip and as such we weren't looking for a luxury hotel, just somewhere clean and comfortable to stay. We were all sharing one room to keep the costs down. I was worried the hotel was only 2*, but this one had good reviews, so we took a chance and were not disappointed. The room we had was very spacious and had 2 singles and one double bed - i was worried that 4 girls in one room would mean we were tripping over each other, but this was not an issue. The beds were very comfortable and clean. The bathroom was fine and the towels were changed everyday. The common parts of the hotel are not pretty or plush but as I say we only wanted somewhere to sleep.Excellent location, 2 blocks from Macys and the Empire state building and within walking distance of the other shops on 5th avenue.The one bad thing I have to say is that the radiator in our room was very load on the first night, very clunky and a lot of running water noise and it did keep me awake. In the morning I had a look at it and turned it off and it was fine after that and the room was not too cold either, so only a small issue. I also overheard another guset complaining about this in reception - but as i say with the radistor off it was not an issue.I don't give many hotels 5*, but for what I was looking for on this trip it ticked all the boxes, so I can't fault it.	
Nov 18 2009 	A grand dame reawakens in splendor	The Pierre is one of New York's most iconic hotels and the Taj group have done a wonderful job in restoring the property to its former glory. I stayed for a few nights in early November and could not have been more enchanted. The location has always been beyond perfect, but the refurbishment that has been brought to both the public spaces and rooms is a great success. I very much enjoyed the classic yet contemporary feel in the rooms and was impressed with how the bathrooms had been reconfigured. The lobby atmosphere is lovely and only improved by the very charming staff that you come across throughout the hotel. A particular mention must go to the best elevator operators ever! I also shouldn't forget to say that the new restaurant Caprice and the new lobby bar appear to be quite the hot spots as both were busy well into the evening, even on nights earlier in the week when I was staying there. Overall, I hope Taj maintains the impressive efforts currently in place; if so the Pierre will be my only choice in New York.	
	Breath of Fresh Air	I stayed at the Hotel Indigo on November 7th to visit for the IHRMS show at the Javits Center. I have to say that from check-in to check-out the stay was the best I have had in the city. The front desk were extremely polite and I was checked-in in about 30 seconds!I have to say the rooms are incredible as well. They are very spacious for a room in NYC and also very comfortable. The beds are perfect and the showers, with the Aveda prodeuct, are very refreshing. We had a late dinner in the restaurant, Blu, and was quite suprised. It is by far the best restaurant in the area and the food is great. I had the Gnocchi with the Butternut Squash soup. Both were amazing!The hotel is very close to the Javits center and also in close proximity to Times Square, Herald Square, the Meatpacking District, and three subway lines.For a brand new hotel I expected there to be minor issues as in some reviews I seeon here, but the trip was perfect. I will continue to use the Hotel Indigo - NYC for my trips to the city from now on. They are also part of the IHG chain so I get priority club points for my stays. Great Hotel! Keep up the good work!	
Nov 23 2009 	Good stay - but avoid Rm 912	We chose to stay at the Bellclaire with our 3 year son as we were looking for a hotel on the upper west side close to Central Park and the Natural History Museum. Overall, its a very nice hotel, with clean, good size rooms with great hardwood floors. The beds are also very comfortable. Staff were friendly as well and the neighbourhood was appropriate for travelling with our 3 year old  more residential and less hectic than the mid-town area. We recommend the Bellclaire, but please stay away from room 912. On check-in we were given this room, which at first seemed fine until the night when there was this horrible hissing and clanking noise coming from this peculiar vent (pipe) in the bathroom. There was noise also from the street however that did not bother me since this is New York City after all. My husband went down to the front desk to enquire about a room change and was told that because the Bellclaire is an older hotel, all of the rooms had this problem and they could not guarantee that if we changed rooms the noise would be any better. I decided it was worth the risk to stay in another room and we moved to room 511 the next day where I immediate check the bathroom to see if it had another one of those peculiar pipes. No pipe  no noise, and I had two very comfortable nights of sleep. So, stay at the Bellclaire if you are looking for a reasonable place in the upper west side, but avoid room 912 at all cost! Other tips  the hotel is also close to the subway (the 1 Train (local) on 79 street and the 1,2,&amp;3 trains (express) on 72 street. There were also good choices for eating. We enjoyed Big Nicks Burger Joint just around the corner and had a lovely Italian meal at a bistro two blocks up on 79th between Broadway and Amsterdam  sorry cant remember the name, but the fresh pasta special was delicious!	
	Clean room friendly helpful staff	We recently stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. The rooms were clean and well maintained but quite small. As we were out and about most of the time and only there to sleep for 2 nights it wasn't a problem.The staff were friendly and very helpful. We had a few queries and they were very attentive and helped us sort everything out.The location was good. It was in a quiet location but within easy walking distance to Midtown.I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
	Not recommended	This Hotel really sucks... from outside it looks nice and is close to Times Square, however, the hotel does not deserve 4 Stars.Its an old Hotel and the Hotel Lobby is nice, but the rooms are really bad and small.... I was there with my Mother and we had to split a Queen size bed, they said that they dont have double beds and not even King beds and that i received a complimentary upgrade to Queen Size Bed anyways....usually they give out full size... even for 2 people...I found out then that they had Kingsize Beds and did not gives us those...Anyways, rooms are really small and very dark...some rooms doesnt have a window etc...If you get a nice room, it might be ok... but the standard for this Hotel is not 4 Stars !!	
	Agreeable hotel terrific location	Located nicely in midtown with easy access to the subway. Lots of selection for eating and shopping nearby. Some construction in lobby but this was minimally inconvenient. Room was clean and well proportioned, staff was friendly and helpful, even for NYC.	
	Best hotel for value in NYC	My mom and I recently stayed at the Ramada Eastside for Thanksgiving to enjoy the Macy's parade. The hotel is in a good location and we could walk to everything. Continental breakfast is included in room price, which is nice. Our room was compact but very clean. We had a coffee maker (which is rare in NYC), flat screen tv, comfortable queen bed, and for the price and location, we would definitely stay here again. If you want a cozy, nice, quiet, clean, safe, convenient, and reasonably priced hotel in Manhattan, the Ramada Eastside is the best value!	
	Awesome	The hotel and staff where fantastic, and its location slap bang in the middle of times square absolute awesome	
Nov 16 2009 	Intimate hotel convenient location attentive service	The rooms are very large for NYC with a modern and trendy style yet very warm and comfortable. The free Acura service drops you anywhere with a reservation, or if the car happens to be available if you need it at the last minute. The staff is the nicest I have come across in all my travels both US and Europe; they could not do enough to make our stay special. Lauren at the front desk actually called my cell phone to say our room was ready and left the most upbeat &quot;hope you are having fun&quot; message and left an envelope for us with suggestions for dinner because her shift was over before we got back (I had asked). There are plenty of nice touches like a bowl of crisp apples and a pitcher of fruit filled water at the front desk. The &quot;lobby&quot; is appropriately called the living room as it is as comfy as in somebody's home. There is free high speed internet in the living room. I had trouble logging on the first time and one of the staff members helped me through it quickly and efficiently and then said, &quot;and if you need something printed out just let me know.&quot; What NY hotel does that? This place is wonderful. We particularly enjoyed the calm and quiet feeling in the hotel - in contrast to the hustle and bustle of the city. It is 2 short blocks from Grand Central Station which makes subway travel very easy. Grand Central also has a huge food court of interesting restaurants for quick and inexpensive fare. You won't be disappointed at this W.	
	Awesome service in an awesome location.	Right on Central Park - beautiful view of park. Service is spectacular. They didn't have the type of bagel I wanted for breakfast, so they went over to Whole Foods and bought it for me.	
	Small modern quiet rooms but awesome location	My hubby and I took advantage of his miles for a night away from the kids. The location is amazing right in the middle of 5th ave shopping, tons of restaurants, and walking distance to many areas if u enjoy walking that is, hello this is NYC.The rooms r small no doubt about it but they r very modern, clean, and quiet. U can hear people in the hallways.I have seen rooms in fancy NYC hotels that r rundown and noisy so this is bliss. The staff r very nice. There is parking at a indoor lot (right side) on 46th between 5th and 6th ave which u can get a discount from staying at the hotel.	
Nov 16 2009 	Wonderful room 	I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The service was above and beyond. The staff was knowledgeable, fast, and super courteous. Room was GREAT and located right at the 2/3 subway station and a block from the 4 or 5.This hotel gets top ratings from me.	
	location is everything	i will agree with some of the earlier posts ,The decor does look slightly tired ,It could possibly do with a facelift ,BUT the location is superb ,the view of central park is spectacular,the subway is 2 minutes away ,as are 5th and 6th avenue.times square is 15 minutes walk as are the rockefeller centre and empire state building .A great alternative if you cannot afford the Plaza ,Ritz or Trump ,overall good value for money.	
	Great location large but friendly	That rare thing - a large hotel with the personal touch. As we were registering in the imposing lobby, someone let slip that it was my birthday. Two hours later, wine, chocolates and a card arrived in my room. You can't buy that sort of PR. We'd arrived three hours ahead of check-in time, but were accommodated without fuss; there's no underestimating the value of such flexibility to a weary traveller. The concierges and travel/tour reps. were equally helpful. The hotel has a great location on 42nd Street, with many sights within comfortable walking distance. And if you're going farther afield in NY state, Grand Central Terminal is right there. The room was large and clean and the bed comfortable. The bathroom was surprisingly small (even to an English guest!), and my wife bemoaned the lack of a decently lit and magnifiable mirror for contact lenses, make-up etc. Also, there seemed to be just one place to eat in a hotel with around 1200 rooms. But these are small quibbles. Overall, terrific.	
	Great location good value and friendly doormen	I spent 3 nights in this hotel November 2008 during the refurbishment and after providing feedback on this site the hotel contacted me and assured me that the problems had been rectificed and I agreed to stay on my visit this year. True to their word all the problems had been sorted and I have just returned from a fabulous 4 night stay at the hotel. The room was excellent with a view of the Empire State Building, clean and spacious and the door staff were extremely helfpul, pleasant and informative especially Tarek.I will defintely stay there in the future.	
	great stay in heart of manhattan!	lovely hotel, good view of 59th street bridge particularly in the top floor bar. 10 minutes walk into central park and not much further into times square. Some great bars and restuarants in the local area. Amazingly large rooms for central new york. two double beds in out room, with space around the edges! we can't wait to go back!	
	Pleasantly surprised. Excellent value.	We were very pleasantly surprised with this hotel. Found out about it on Tripadvisor and wasn't dissappointed. Found the best rate on the hotel's website as the travel sites did not account for the AAA discount. Room was bigger than expected ( for NY standards) and appeared to have been renovated recently. Staff was friendly and helpful. It was not a luxury hotel by any means but extremely nice for the price. Subway was 1 block away and Central Park was about 3 blocks. Would definitely stay there again.	
	Great deal and great location great comfortable beds and nice lobby	This is my second time staying on the upper west side and my friends first time. They are now convinced that this is the place to be in NYC. It is so convenient to the subway, great cafe's, decent street vendors, fabulous markets and stores and the museum and park. The beds were so comfortable and the warmed cider available in the lobby was great. We had a small suite and the kitchenette was perfect to bring leftovers back. We loved the stay and the location.'Gail in Vermont	
Oct 28 2009 	Perfect in everyway!	I also booked this hotel through Quikbook almost 4 months in advance of our stay October 22-26, 2009. I confirmed the reservation via phone about 2 weeks before our departure. Everything was PERFECT! We reserved a room with 2 queen beds for four of us and the room was a good size. We had a view of the Brooklyn Bridge (although a little obstructed since we were on the 5th floor). The room was quiet and in a perfect location to reach the subway, to go to the pier, to go see Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty, Ground Zero, and to see the Financial District. There was so much to do just in this area and only about a 15 minute subway ride to the heart of Manhattan. The bar/restaurant across the street, Nelson Blue, was TOO much fun! If you go there tell Pauly that Anthony and Justin from San Diego say &quot;hi&quot;! It was so nice to stop by there on our way back from a long day of touristy stuff and then talk to locals and have a few drinks and some great New Zealand food! Oh..and the price we got on this room for the 4 of us... WOW.. I could not find a better price in all of Manhattan. We would have had to stay in NJ to get that rate.	
Oct 29 2009 	First and Last Time!	The location was good for my meeting at the Exchange, however, this is definitely not a hotel for executives. My major complaints were the futon-style bed and no food service of any kind. After traveling for 6 hours and arriving at the hotel late at night, I ate peanuts for dinner! Also, I'm not sure why our company was charged $499 for a room here, when others are saying they were charged in the $200 range. You can get a room at the Ritz for $499, however, they were full the night I was in town. Next time the Ritz is unavailable, I'll stay at the Embassy Suites and take a cab.	
	clean frendly safe well located good value	This was my second time to stay at this hotel. Although my stay was for only two days, I felt very comfortable there. More like an exclusive appartment than a hotel. The flat was small but extreamly adequate. I enjoyed my stay whilst saving BIG money. My next business trip to NYC I will definately stay there.	
	Could not check in Hotel closed!	Prior to booking Hotel 99 I had read about renovations that were underway in the lobby and had even called Hotel 99 to confirm that works were being done, hence they offered a discounted rate although confirmed works were soon to finish and all of the rooms were completed and available to stay in..Like the two previous reviewers my girlfriend and I were stunned to find out that Hotel 99 had been closed by the fire department due to their alarm not being up to standard.Unfortunately we were only informed of this when we attempted to check in at 9pm on the night of Friday November 13 (Friday the 113 the strkes again!!). No email from the hotel or phopne call to tell me of this beforehand even though they had my contact details from the booking.The reception staff said we could not stay although they had arranged accomodation for us at another hotel. He also offered us $5 for the taxi (which would not cover the fare).What he did not mention was that the 'hotel' we were booked into was in fact a hostel. The hostel was fine for a hostel but we had booked and expected a room similar to that what Hotel 99 had offered us (TV, Queen bed, modern, clean). We ened up finding alternative more expensive but pleasant accomodation at Park 79 (which was very good value by the way).In summary do not trust this hotel. What sort of place tries to accept booking in full knowledge they do not have adequate safety and alarm systems in place. Thank god the fire department closed them down.There are numerous negative threads re Hotel 99 that people should read when deciding to stay here or not. I would suggest you dont stay at Hotel 99.	
	Spent a perfect weekend here	Stayed here with the wife for our anniversary. Checked in and was upgraded to a harbor-view room, then found some chocolates waiting for us with a &quot;happy anniversary&quot; note (I had told them it was a special occasion when I made the reservation). Room was spacious, spotless, looked brand new, and very quiet - could not hear any noise from other rooms or the hallway. Hotel is quiet over weekends - it's busy during the week but at weekends it's a nice place to get away. Dined in the hotel's restaurant and was pleasantly surprised to get a free dessert on account of the special occasion - so the front desk had communicated to the restaurant that it was our anniversary. Thought this was a very nice touch. Room service breakfast the next morning overlooking the statue of liberty and ellis island was the perfect way to start the day. Highly recommended.	
Nov 26 2009 	Please read this before you book - Rooms are a dump and management is a joke	Here's a run down of the issues with the apartment we're staying in:- shower water runs at a trickle- 1/2 the lights in bathroom don't work- mold in the bathroom- main room was a mess, looked like it hadn't been vacumned and cleaned- furniture was busted up to the point where one side was falling apart with nails and plyboard sticking out. This is great by the way with little kids.- god awful bed- 1 blanket for an apt that's supposed to sleep 4 peopleWhen we called to complain they promised to send a cleaner and the property manager over in the AM and to call us back. By noon the next day, I called them back since I hadn't heard back yet and was told &quot;they are not doing general cleanings&quot; even though the cleaners were next door cleaning other apartments in the building. They then said no one was coming over to look at the situation until the following day, which was 2 days later from the time we reported the situation. In addition, I asked to be moved to one of the clean rooms that were empty, but was told they couldn't do that because then this room would be dirty and they aren't doing any cleanings. Ridiculous!Supposedly they will be sending a cleaner tomorrow 2 days after we reported the issue, which is a day before we're leaving. We also haven't been able to reach a manager since it's Thanksgiving, The management of the building is completely unreasonable and not helpful at all. I'm being told to email my issues to the management since I can't get them on the phone.Needless to say, we will never stay in one of these apartments again and I definitely hope all readers of this avoid this place as well. Consider yourself warned.	
Nov 25 2009 	Good location 	If you want a central location and not pay a fortune, this one is OK. Not a 4-star quality but the rooms are adequate if somewhat tired, as are the public areas. Easy walking to most attractions and the concierge and reception staff were very helpful. Beware the bar closing before you can walk back after a show.	
	Great position and excellent rooms with a view	This was my third stay at the London in the past 12 months and it continues to be excellent.Book a &quot;Vista Suite&quot; and you will get a room with a separate, generously proportioned sitting area with a bay window and a big curved sofa where you can sit and read the New York Times over coffee and a spectacular view up Central Park (and both rivers if you are on a high enough floor). I really believe these rooms to be great value considering size/cost options of other mid town hotels of this standard. Located just a couple of blocks from the park, shopping on 5th avenue, Carnegie hall and only half a block from Moma, this is the ideal position for a long weekend in NYC. It feels like your very own private apartment. While some of the newer boutique (hip) hotels may eclipse the London for the &quot;cool factor&quot; , this hotel offers good looking, functional, immaculately clean rooms (that still smell brand new because they have never been smoked in) that are above all, quiet. I am getting too old to want to hear the thumping of a hotel bar at 3:00AM and the London is pleasantly peaceful. The restaurant food is good, especially the breakfast selection. The gym is very well equipped and there is free WiFi. The concierge department are very helpful but the doormen remain just a touch edgy. In all, you cannot go wrong with choosing the London.	
	Very Rude Staff Misleading Photos Good Location	Other than location this hotels offers very little. We will not stay there again. The front desk staff was consistently rude and unhelpful with the exceptions far and few between. The concierge, maintenance and cleaners are more friendly and helpful. The best way to describe the room is a patched up. Do not let the photos on the website deceive you. The walkways and room smell of old carpets. Our room was next to a vending machine that made such a noise it had to be switched off when we complained. The towels in the bathroom were so old two of them tore while using them. Hot water is a problem between 07:00 and 08:30 in the morning. We ended up not showering during these times. We also often had to flush the toilet more than once.But my overriding memory of this hotel is the rude front desk staff. At times it threatened to completely ruin our stay.	
	Nice place to stay in NYC	Took the kids to NYC over the Thanksgiving holiday and had a nice stay at the Belvedere. The staff was very helpful and the room was a nice size for four people. The hotel is located just a couple of blocks from Times Square, the Rock, Macy's so we got to see most of the sties in midtown. Their rates were very reasonable compared to the other hotels in the area. Would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a reasonably priced, well cared for hotel.	
	Coulden't Fault	I was slightly sceptical about this hotel on reading some of the reviews for this site, but like my previous New York hotel (which had similar reviews), I decided to go ahead and book. On arrival I was quite surprised on how much smaller the lobby was compared to my previous New York hotel (Grand Hyatt), but it certainly didn't make it any less of a hotel. We checked in about 6pm and was greeted by a very helpful and polite man named Adelin or something similar who upgraded us into a corner room with a kitchenette and an amazing view. The room was very nice and clean, large and had the comfiest bed I have ever slept in. The staff were extremely friendly, especially one of the valet's. Not sure on the name either but he was always wore a large coat outside, always asking us if we enjoyed our day and always stopped for a chat.The location of the hotel isn't that bad, you have to walk a bit further than a few hotels but we're only talking 5-10minute walk to Grand Central but there is always Taxi's outside ready for business.I didn't try the room service/hotel restaurant because I never normally will pay the prices but room service didn't seem THAT expensive. We got breakfast every morning from a little place on the corner of 44th + 2nd called Plaza Delhi which did the most amazing pancakes and bagels at really good prices (2 cream cheese bagels + 3 large pancakes with syrup + 2 large coffee's for $9.95).We didn't really try any of the hotel facilities such as the pool and gym etc, we planned to but didn't really find the time/didn't have the energy after walking around NY all day.I would definitely stay at this hotel again, we stayed over thanksgiving and we got a really good price for the hotel on a advance booking through their own site. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
	perfectly acceptable	We stayed here on our return from Canada and Boston, having spent a week at the Hotel 17 a few weeks before. This hotel has a more modern decor and was quite adequate. It was in a good location for us; we could walk down to the shows we wanted to see, but we missed the area around Union Square - we preferred the vibe there.Our room became stifliingly hot every night. We had a thermometer with us and it was 35 degrees celsius at 3am the first night. We tried to open a window, but the window fell out of its tracks and took a lot of effort to replace. We commented to the desk staff who said it was because the air conditioning was linked to outside temps. Every night it became unbearably hot and we were sweating - confusing given it was 5 degrees outside. Apart from that the service was friendly, and they kept our bags both before and after we checked out for a few hours. It was ok and if this is the area you are looking to stay in, you could do worse.	
	Fantastic hotel in a perfect location	We stayed here for 4 nights over thanksgiving. The hotel is absolutely fantastic- rooms were super clean and spacious and everything was of high quality- the bed was really comfortable and the bedding was nice and soft. Bathroom was also really nice- it was big and the complimentary toiletries were great- they were neutrogena and got replaced every day. The staff were sensational- they knew the answer to any questions we had on how to get places, where the best deals for shopping were, where to stand for the parade etc. They even had flyers for 3 different price options on where to go for a traditional thanksgiving dinner. The only bugbear was that we had someone knocking on our door and attempt to come into our room at 9am on the day we were leaving to ask when we were checking out- this just seems ridiculous and hopefully they will change this for future guests. Will stay here again though without hesitation we had a fantastic time.	
	Cleancomfyperfect location and perfect for my budget!	This is my second stay at the travel inn on 42nd street. Even with knee damage I found the location to the theatre and shops (and times square) within a comfortable walking distance.I booked a single and got a double double, near the lift as requested. I forgot my hair dryer and uk to USA adapters and these were provided for me (hair dryer in room,plugs on request)it was a handy later check out 12pm, so I still got to run a few last min errands on my last day. In easy walk to the subway and port authority. Also across the street is a drug store with food nearby too. A fridge and microwave in the room were a nice touch and it was warm too. I can't fault this place for the price and location. Small and cozy, well looked after and helpful staff.Will return and def. Reccomend to all NYC traveller who want comfort on a budget and location to 'the thick of it' !	
Nov 26 2009 	not half bad	everything about this hotel screamed luxury,the staff were exceptional especially the door staff.we had room service which was the only downside,it was ok! for the price that we paid which was 100 per nite it was well worth it!!!!	
Nov 23 2009 	Nice...but not THAT nice	I'll keep this brief. The Bowery is nice. I liked it. In fact, I have no complaints other than the fact that my husband and I payed $475 a night for a King room (no taxes, etc. included)...no frills. I was fine with the price. I just didn't think it was worth it. The room was not as large as I anticipated and I was not entirely pleased with the location. Yes, I know...I agreed to the price and location when I chose the hotel. I would definitely stay at a W or at the New York Palace Hotel if I were visiting NY again. More bang for the buck and much better location. If you DO stay at the Bowery though, check out Il Buco around the corner. Great restaurant.	
	Great Value for NY - but SMAAAAAALL.	If youre not bothererd by the fact that the toilet is outside the room and shared with a few other guests from your floor, its not an issue. If youre on your own in the cuty and have few luggages, it wont be a problem either. After being to NYC many times, theres no need to stay in midtown anymore... which makes the hotel location perfect. Its a very charming place and the owner is a really sweet person, always with a smile on his face. Its spotless and housekeeping does a really nice work. The room is cozy, but too small, and the tiny window makes it a bit claustrophobic... Anyway - paying $150 with taxes to be that well located in Manhattan is sometimes worth it.	
Nov 25 2009 	Good Value for money	Mt partner and I stayed at the St James Hotel for 8 nights in November 2009. Our room was on the ninth floor. (914). Room was big and very clean. We asked for a hairdryer and iron etc at reception and we kept them in the room the entire 8 nights and just handed them back when we left. This hotel is in a great location to use as a base to explore Manhattan! We also found the staff really friendly and helpful except the 'night guy' - he is grumpy bum! Anyhoo, the only complaints I would have considering the price range of the hotel is the room keys and the towels need updating - I found them to be old. Otherwise, for the price, this hotel was great. The hotel was always so busy - so that is a good indication of how many people are happy with the hotel. For food, drinks &amp; snacks - there are 24 hour deli's, cafe's at your door step. I would stay at this hotel again simply for the location and the price.	
	Quiet Haven Amidst the Noise	We celebrated our wedding anniversary with a trip into NYC and enjoyed the quiet of the Ritz Carlton. Our room was on 6th Avenue, but we were able to see Central Park. The room was spacious, spotless and serene. The service is impeccable. This hotel is highly recommended!	
	I am not sticking my neck out here---great hotel.....lol	Stayed here for 2 nights. Excellent staff,especially the breakfast and wine and cheese staff.Front desk staff very good also. I agree with the Irish girls,Dos Caminos ,is a good restaurant just around the corner.You are in a very good location and can walk everywhere.You cannot go wrong with this hotel,the value of the breakfast and wine and cheese makes up for the extra dollars you spend.	
Nov 23 2009 	Never Dissappointed at the Blakely!	The Blakely Hotel will always be my sentimental favorite as it was the first hotel I ever stayed at in NYC; back when it was still the Gorham. There are reasons we continue to return: consistent service, great location and helpful staff.I had booked 2 rooms for 4 people thru Quikbook and called several nights before to confirm the reservations and was told that I had booked a one-bed room for both parties. I insisted that this was not the case and that a two-bed room had been booked for the two singletons traveling together. The manager was very nice and assured me that he would do everything in his power to see that we got a two-bed room. When we checked in, we had been upgraded to a suite (score!). The other two members of our party were not as lucky and were given the smallest room I had ever seen at this hotel.(we checked in mid-to-late afternoon and they got the room you would expect if your flight was delayed and you didnt get to the hotel until 2AM) When they asked to be moved, they were relocated immediately to a larger room (with two beds) The midtown location is great. Close enough to the theatre district to walk, but not so close that youre in the middle of the throngs of people all the time.A complimentary continental breakfast at the adjoining restaurant has been added since my last stay and was basic toast, pastries, etc. but was enough for breakfast. The restaurant staff, however, were less that attentivewe almost had to mug one to get coffee one morning.I had stayed in a suite at the Blakely before and again was not disappointedmy ONLY complaint was that the bathroom is far far away from the sleeping area making for a long trek in the middle of the night. We were on only the 2nd floor, but street noise was never an issue and the blackout drapes assured we slept well. The room and bathroom were immaculately clean and all staff that I encountered were helpful and friendly. Getting upgraded to the suite was really a godsend when I got sick and stayed in the room way more that anyone usually would during a trip to New York City.I discovered the day after returning home that I had left my cell phone charger. When I called to inquire, the Housekeeping Director was gone for the day and actually called me back as I asked! My charger was returned promptly and in good order. Overall, you just cant go wrong at the Blakely.	
	Excellent location and great staff	This was our first trip to New York so I was unsure where to stay. Location is really important to us and since we had tickets to a concert at Madison Square Gardens (across the road), we decided on the Affinia Manhattan. With Macy's only a couple of blocks away and great local eating, we were thrilled with our choice. The room was large and the added bonus of a kitchenette made this a great place to stay. I can't thank the concierge staff enough for their help with tickets, sightseeing etc. Their local knowledge and friendly service helped make our trip. Yes, the bathrooms were small but perfectly adequate, and yes it was noisy but we were in the middle of Manhattan - I thought it added to the experience!	
	i Love this Friendly Service oriented and conveniently located Hotel	Service in this hotel is exceptional - I wonder if they specifically hand pick their staff - they are all great. the consierge Gina is wonderful and so is Jamie these gals go out of their way to please as do the other staff. the rooms are very nice - lovely linens comfortable and clean as a bean. Great to have a separate little kitchenette also. we had a suite so our 18 year old dcaughter could have some privacy.the breakfasts were great - huge and delicious - the bar man at night were great and it buzzes - great cocktails . we were greeted by a lovely bottle of red from NSW where we are from . now if that is a coincidence that's great but if not it is well thought .The location is as convenient as you can get within easy walking distance to transport or to where the action is . Everything is within walking distance and there is plenty to do and see not to mention eat.The only down i would say is that the room gets a tad warm with air con being set at winter temps and we experienced this several times - the management did however try to fix it wherever possible and quickly. Worth every cent - nothing is missed in this hotel - (free shoe polishing too) - professional friendly staff and the GM is also a friendly gentleman who takes the opportunity to pay attention to detail - his staff also really appear to like him n - this makes for a wonderful workplace culture i'm sure I shall return next year Benjamin - and have enjoyed this wonderful city - every minute of it and it's hectic pace - can't wait to get back here	
Nov 14 2009 	Too warm too small	I just returned from four nights. I agree with the wonderful comments about Sarabeth and the quaintness of the hotel. I would like to emphasize the incredibly small size of some of the rooms (mine). If the desk chair is not completely tucked into the desk there is not room to walk to the bathroom. The bathrooms was wonderful, however, this is the tiniest room I have every stayed in and just barely can squeeze in a queen size bed. The hanging clothes space is only adequate for one person. I had both windows open all the way and the room was still too warm to sleep in November from the eighth floor.	
	Trendy modern  not for all tastes	This hotel is best for a romantic getaway type of deal. I'd give this 4 stars were it not for the loud cracking noise from the heating system. The regular rate is $200+ for a petite, which is overpriced unless you can get an upgrade to a queen or larger. If you are into sleek, dark, masculine, and more modern/trendy style it's for you. If you're into classic, warmth, coziness, than you should try something else. It has an excellent location. I got a special deal through hotels.com at the last minute. They upgraded me to a queen room with a terrace, which was awesome, and probably worth the money (~$160). They also let me check in 2 hours early. The look is very dark, masculine, and romantic. Television behind the mirror, nice entertainment system. Nice bath products, and a sexy bathroom set up (dark walls, mirrored walls, etc.) It would not suit all people's tastes, it's very modern and &quot;cold&quot;. The staff is very helpful, but not that friendly. There were loud cracking/drilling noises that I was told was due to the heating generator. I had to turn off the heat to get rid of the noise. I ordered room service for breakfast and it was neither generous nor that tasty. They give you cookies, which is nice. Overall, I'd say good for the younger, trendy set that's looking for a weekend away together. I liked the bathroom. Would not pay more than $200 to stay here - for that price, you could find something nicer.	
Nov 8 2009 	perfection in the heart of Soho	Wow--Been to many great hotels but none that match the level of service, sophistication, location and warmth as the Crosby. from the moment we arrived we felt like royalty--the staff, rooms, food and privacy is unmatched in NYC. IF you want to be in Soho, there is no equal	
	A welcome retreat in the heart of the city!	Spent 3 nights at the Westin whilst on a trip with a friend. Easy check in and room was available despite being over an hour before the specified check in time. The room was on the 15th floor with partial views of the Hudson. The two heavenly beds were indeed heavenly, affording the best night sleep in any hotel. Noise levels were minimal, room service was excellent (though very expensive) and attention to detail, second to none. All the staff were extremely helpful, courteous and polite and made us feel very welcome. The bathroom was adequate for our needs, the toilet being a little low and the double head shower was amazing. Would definately recommend the westin for a leisure break - the location is excellent for all the sights and shopping that New York has to offer.	
	Who Knew ?- "The Great NYC Secret"	Well, now this hotel is a real pleasant surprise... We made a reservation with caution... seeking a great value and watching our budget for a two day NYC Holiday experience. We usually stay at the Omni Bershire or Michaelangelo, but the rates are still too steep in this recession. We parked at the hotel's official lot as instructed (self park) one block from the hotel. The hotel's entrance says it all.... artsey and unique with little signage. The lobby is small and adorable with the decor steeped in music. The staff was accomodating and helped us get in early, as we had matinee tickets to Wicked. Our room turned out to be an entire one bedroom NY City apartment with spectacular views up 6th Avenue and 57th Street. This &quot;suite&quot; was hugh with high ceilings with crown molding, closets larger than most NYC hotel rooms and a fully appointed kitchen. The suite was clean and we immediately felt at home. So now I know why the performers from Carnegie Hall loves this hotel. Oh yes... the Carnegie Deli delivers to your suite.The hotel has an entire bank of washers and dryers for guests and get this... a soda machine that cost 85 cents a can !!!!This property is so well located one wonders why the folks across the street living in multi million dollar condos just don't sell and move into the Buckingham. We explored this area of the city in all directions and found the former Coliseum on Columbus Circle a treasure. Check out the huge sculpture of &quot;Somebody&quot; in the lobby, you can't stop laughing. It's fun just watching the reaction of shoppers when they first gaze upon this formidable male sculpture.Back to the hotel... The Director of Front Office, Sandra Arias is GEM... you simply cannot leave the hotel unsatisfied if you let her know you need help. So if it's living like a NYC millionaire on a recession budget and getting it all... you can't miss staying here.	
	Small rooms but good hotel	We stayed in the club rooms and found them to be slightly small but large enough when you are rarely in the room. They were adequately cleaned and the club rooms come with breakfast which was great, plenty of fruit, yoghurts, bagels, toast, juices, cerials and coffee. The check in was quick and the staff were always friendly. On the last day one of the group though that they had lost their passport and the hotel staff couldn't have been more helpful, particularly Curtis. We would definitely stay again	
	Excellent location everything else was so-so	We stayed there for 7 nights - in 2 different rooms. Both rooms were noisy in the morning and you can hear people talking loudly and slamming doors. The second room we had was just next to the rooms where they were renovating which may explain the noise - not sure about the first room. The staff were mostly ok except for this grumpy lady in her 30s who was awfully unhelpful. They provide lockers at $2 per usage if you need to leave your bags at the hotel after check-out. The first room we had was very small but the second was slightly bigger and newer. The selling point for this hotel is its location at 31st &amp; Broadway which is 2min walk from Macy's and 1min walk from the subway which is just 1 stop from Times Square. Me and my wife were there on Thanksgiving and we could catch the parade literally just around the corner. Yes, if you need a cab, get one off the street for one yourself, as the reception charges a ridiculous price. Room comes with free Wi-Fi internet access and LCD tv with HD channels.	
	Noisey until 4am next door to a night club. but 10 minutes from Times Sq.	This little hotel is OK if you are on a budget. We were worried when we arrived at the hotel after a delayed flight at 2am, large noisey crowds outside coming and going from the night club. We were on the 7th floor at the front of the hotel, so were kept awake until the early hours for the 3 nights we were there!. Its not the prettiest of locations, but is only a 10 minute walk from Broadway and Times Sq, and about the same to Macys and the Empire State Building. Our room looked clean at first, but then found price tags and other stuff on the floor, but the bathroom was spotless and the room, apart from being really small, was nicely decorated and the staff were just brilliant. The port authority bus station is just around the corner, so if you arrive there from the airport, it is just a few minutes walk. We got a taxi from Newark airport because of our late arrival ($67 for 3 of us) and got the hotel shuttle back ($62)This was my first time in New York, but the one thing I would recommend, is going up the Empire State Building at night, very quiet and go eat and drink in the brewery/restaurant right by the entrance, as it is just fabulous, great food and beer.And at the end of it, its just a quick walk back to the hotel.Would I stay at this hotel again?? NO! there must be better hotels in this price range, and next time I would make sure I did more research, but dont be put off if you have booked. I read some really dreadful reports about this hotel after I had booked, but at the end of the day, you get what you have paid for.	
Feb 16 2009 	Perfect Valentine's Day/Anniversary	We just spent the perfect Valentine's Day at the Inn at Irving Place. It's really a hidden treasure- while I've admired the architecture on the street many times I had no idea there was also an Inn tucked away there. There's no signage so you have to look closely but this contributes to the feeling that you're stepping into another world. The decor is authentic 19th century, lovely, and gracious. The staff wonderful, friendly professionals who will aid and abet in romantic surprises. We're really grateful to them for helping us arrange our valentine's day weekend. When you enter the parlors have real working fireplaces. Our room, the Stanford White, was a beautiful single, we did get to peek into some suites, and they were all well appointed with handsome antiques as well as all the modern comforts. We also enjoyed very much Lady Mendl's tea service which we had after our complimentary breakfast in our room. The tea service was 5 delicious courses in a sun drenched opulent dining room. We'll be back for the tea service and would love to spend another special occasion with them.	
Nov 26 2009 	Boutique oasis in Manhattan	Outstanding little boutique hotel in the heart of Manhattan. Front desk staff were very pleasant and helpful. Wonderful little cocktail bar/restaurant with a very relaxing yet sophisticated literary leather and cigar vibe. Life's too short and NYC is too big a city to stay in the same place twice but, I'm glad we stayed here once.	
	Really nice staff...free beer and nachos!	The rooms here are spacious and although it can feel a bit impersonal 'cause it's so big, but the staff make up for it by being really friendly and helpful. The desk staff were excellent and moved us into a room that looked across the hudson(?) river.The location here is poor, as you have to get a pricey cab or a subway into the times square (rubbish) and central park (nice) area. Got a good deal on hotwire and felt it was a decent value choice.	
	For the money you can find a better hotel with better service"	The location is great! But the service was awful! The rooms were large for New York standards.	
Nov 17 2009 	Perfect service	We stayed at the Kitano for 5 days in November, and we got exactly what we were looking for: excellent service. I'm a bit of a design nerd, so I am often drawn to trendier hotels, but the service at these hotels (especially in Manhattan) often leaves much to be desired. So this time, we opted to prioritize service over design, and I'm glad we did.True, the rooms are bit dated by my standards, but they were spotless and the customer service was impeccable. We had room service at least once a day, and we made requests for ice, glassware, pillows, etc., several times during our stay, so we had ample opportunity to judge the level of service. We weren't disappointed once. The staff is so friendly and happy to help. I would definitely recommend the Kitano. (We stayed in one of the King Premier rooms, and found it spacious and quiet, especially by New York standards.)	
Nov 26 2009 	Great Friendly Hotel in Superb Location	Just come back from staying in this hotel, and would have no hesitation in recommending it to others.Staff are extremely friendly on reception and in the lounge areas, and answered all questions and got us checked in extremely quickly.Rooms are nice - ours was on the 3rd floor above reception, and although it is a bit noisy from the street below, you expect this in New York, especially given the location, Very spacious though, and loads of storage room. Beds are extremely comfortable, however the bathroom is a little on the compact side!! Mini bar is expensive as in most NY hotels, however, $11 for a half bottle of wine wasn't bad - and it tasted alright as well. The Lounge bar is a really nice touch, especially the free wine and nibbles on a Wednesday night, and the breakfast in there, whilst seeming expensive at $14 is actually really nice and you can have loads.The location is excellent - just far enough away from the bustle of 5th and surrounding areas, but close enough to be able to walk comfortably to any of the tourist areas, i.e. central park, times square, Empire State, Grand Central, etc.Well worth a visit for the price and location.If you are staying here, a great recommendation for a bar / restaurant around the corner is The Stags Head on 51st between 2nd &amp; 3rd - superb beer and great food and atmosphere, but not too expensive. Not a Coors or Budweiser in site, but locally produced beers - the Sixpoint is fantastic!!	
	OK but Not Great	Stayed for three nights. Got a really good deal through Hotwire so can't really complain. Tiny room with no housekeeping. Wireless never worked despite several requests to front desk. Local friends tried to telelphone three times and were told we weren't registered which messed up plans to meet. Bathroom was great, beds were comfy and location can't be beat. All in all a good deal but would try for something smaller and with a friendlier staff next time.	
Oct 27 2009 	Hip Hotel	Great hip hotel in a great location. It's not the lap of luxury -- the rooms are small-ish, there is no bathtub, and the general philosophy is that the guests should be left alone. But everything is very chic, the rooms are nicely decorated and when needed, the staff is helpful. If you know New York at all, you will stay here in a heartbeat over anything in midtown. There is a lot of nightlife around the hotel, so a high floor is preferable, but the windows did a very good job of keeping it quiet,	
Nov 24 2009 	Very Noisy	3 nights and no sleep !! We were on the 2nd floor and the noise was unbelievable, with car horns blasting, police car sirens and carbage trucks all through the night. I suppose thats what you get for choosing a hotel on 5th Avenue. Perhaps being higher up it would not have been so bad. I read the reviews about the room being small but was still suprised how small they were. When you open the door it nearly touches the bed. The room was spotlessly clean and also the bathroom. No coffee or tea making facilities in the room which I hadn't realised when I booked (we love our cup of tea before bed and first thing). The front staff where friendly and polite and checked us in for our flights and printed out the boarding . The hotel is in a great position for everthing but I don't think I would stay there again. I think I would rather pay the extra and have the comforts of a wardrobe, tea/coffee facilities, fridge etc. and definetly less noise.	
Nov 10 2009 	wonderful hotel	my huisband and i stayed here for the Nov weekend. It was wonderful. Had a room on the third floor, great view. clean, bed comfortable, and staff pleasant. Complimentary coffee and pastries given between 8 - 10 am. Close to parking garage, and all entertainment, piers, eating establishments	
Nov 16 2009 	Excellent hotel	Great hotel. Really new and clean. Great location for all tourist sights in NYC. Free breakfast was a great bonus. Fitness room looked really nice (although didn't use it). Loads of TV channels. Really comfy bed. Would definitely stay again.	
	Nice central hotel provided the rates are reasonable	I usually use the Hilton New York, but this newly opened Hilton Garden Inn is only two blocks from our office so it made sense to try it out.I had booked two weeks back and found a room for 2 nights at $219 a night + tax which seemed like a bargain. Then due to personal reasons I had to delay my trip by one day and when I changed the resevation online the price went to $359 + tax which would make the room a little pricey considering. Very helpful reception and quick checking.Rooms are very nice (albeit a little small) with HD flat screen TV, microwave, coffee machine, ironing board, etc. Wifi was perfect and free. Breakfast was very good including made to order omelettes.Would certainly use again but would expect to pay a little less that $359PS. Only bad point was the breakfast coffee which is (for a European) terrible. The tea had most taste than the coffee and no expresso was available :-)	
Nov 22 2009 	The best hotel service I've had in a while	I visited New York with my sister and booked at this hotel because of its price and location. The really great surprise was its staff and service. My sister is disabled and so we needed a hotel that had a ramp for the hotel entrance. But prior to the trip she had taken a downturn so she also needed to be able to use a scooter in the room itself. We live in different cities so I didn't even realize until we arrived together at the hotel what a problem that was going to be. The rooms at the Comfort Inn are average for New York, which means they are perfectly fine for one or two people, but not for maneuvering around in a scooter. When I realized the room I had booked wouldn't work I just kind of fell apart, I assumed the whole trip was going to be a disaster. But the Comfort Inn staff turned that all arround. They managed to upgrade us into a suite and, while that itself was a complete shock, what was even more amazing is that they made the change and moved our luggage, and put up with all our trouble, with incredible cheerfullness and good humor which continued, unabated, through the entire four nights of our stay. They always had time to give us directions and information and help in or out of the hotel. It was like staying with family. I should point out that the hotel does NOT advertise itself as accessible, it was my mistake to assume that my sister would only require a ramp (when she really required an accessible room as well). But Comfort Inn managed to make everything right. I can't tell you how grateful I was, and what a difference it made to our trip.	
	I always enjoy staying at the Affinia	I stayed with my wife for 5 nights in early Nov. 2009. As always, the room was clean and well maintained, and the hotel staff is always pleasant. I appreciated the extra help I received from Pedro, the assistant manager. This is a residential hotel in a very nice neighborhood, and we are able to walk to most of the places we want to visit. The rooms are large, and with a fully equipped kitchenette. We have probably stayed at the Affinia 20 or more times in the last 5 years.	
	Excellent value for money	Stayed six nights at the hotel for a price of approx. 140 $/night. With a bathroom, and with a simple breakfast. Of all the times I've been to NYC, this is by far the best value for money. The location is excellent, and a very good starting points for walks around in the city. In addition, the nearest subway is pretty close. Absolutely nothing to complain about. The room was (by my experience with NY standards) large, it was clean, and the service was good. Excellent WiFi connection.	
Sep 19 2009 	No trip to Vegas is complete without a visit to the Western	I am from Texas and have been to Vegas several times. I found this place on my second visit, back in the 1990's. I would never visit Vegas without a few trips to the Western. I was in Vegas Sept. 13th thru Sept. 18th, and I think I hit this place three times. Where could you get a shot of premium tequilla and a Corona for $2.50 ? The low limit slots are so loose that if you tip the coctail waitress a buck, you would be plastered before you lost $20.00. I am coming back to Vegas next year, with my 84 year mother and my sister, and we will make this one of our stops.	
	Away from the strip	Being a travel agent, and staying in a lot of hotels, I would highly recommend this hotel if you don't mind being off the strip, or in a hotel with no casino and mile long lobby to walk through just to get to the elevator and up to your room, this is the perfect place! The decor is refreshing and modern. The buffet breakfast was one of the best I have ever experienced. You get hot scrambled eggs, with sausage patties and english muffins to make your own breakfast sandwich. You also get waffles, cereal, oatmeal, yogurt, juices, etc... The breakfast area is big, and spacious. The rooms are beautiful and I love how it has it's own office area, with a couch in all standard rooms. Microwave and fridge provided as well, which is rare for Vegas, as most places don't have that, and if they do, they stuff it full of things, and charge you for anything you touch or remove (even if you don't eat it!). The monorail is across the street at the Hilton. It's about 5 mins to walk to, and costs about $15USD for a 24hr pass. It is way worth it if you want to get to the south end of the strip, or middle of it. The only complaint I had was that the hotel was only 2 weeks old and already have slacker maids working there. We opened the toilet, and it didn't look clean, with a poo spot in the bowl and dried out pee on the rim. That was about it though. There is no real view of the strip, no matter what room you stay in. We requested a strip view room, and received one, but it was facing a condo building, just because of the location. I hope this isn't a big deal. No real access to restaurants to the hotel either would be a downer. Luckily, the hotel has &quot;Lean cuisines&quot; and other types of food in the lobby area to purchase if you're hungry. Free internet access in the lobby as well, which worked out perfectly for checking into your flights before departure. I hope this info helps!	
Jan 2 2008	A little gross	This was the only place we could find under a hundred dollars on the night before New Years Eve. Let me start by saying when I asked If I could pay for the next night in advance the &quot;manager&quot; told me I couldn't because he wasn't sure how much he was going to charge. The room smelled, the heater didn't work, bath towels the size of hand towels ,and soap that doesn't lather. Just be prepared if you choose to stay here it's definitely a dive motel.	
Jun 20 2008 	Normal Super 8 Experience	I stayed one night at this hotel while en route from Las Vegas to the National Parks in Utah. Check-in &amp; check-out were fast &amp; friendly. The room was very clean, the bed comfortable, the A/C worked great (it was 95F when I arrived at midnight) and it was an easy 2 mile access off of I-15. The furniture was a wee bit worn. The Blueberry Hill 24hr restaurant is on the property serving breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner any time. I would stay here again for one night.	
Jun 17 2009 	Nice clean hotel in the middle of a ghetto	Stayed here over the weekend for another softball tournament. If you are here for gambling I see no reason why you would stay here since it's 10 miles to the strip and rooms can be found for $40 there. But we were here for the tournament and thankfully we found this &quot;oasis&quot; in the middle of what can only be described as a ghetto. The area is crawling with steetwalking &quot;hookers&quot; and other seedy looking people. Had to get gas twice and was approached by one guy who wanted money for gas and the second time a homeless guy was pushing his cart just feet from my wife and kids. The hotel itself is very nice,new and clean with friendly staff, comfortable beds and really nice showerheads. There's a small &quot;business center&quot; where you can surf the net if needed. As I said, if you NEED to stay in this area, this is the place to stay. Otherwise, the area is not that safe.	
Jul 10 2009 	NEVER EVER AGAIN EVEN FOR FREE	We arrived after having made reservations the day before, expecting the usual good experience with Motel 6.The temps were about 113 degrees and we had our family pet with us.Upon entering the room, it was probably no less than 100 degrees inside so the first thing of course is turn on the A/c then go to dinner leaving the animal in the room.Upon our return we discovered the a/c not working and the poor dog looking like she was going to dieTwo rooms later and three a/c units later we finally had cold air after 9:30 pm.Having to awaken at 4 a/m to go to the airport, it was a very long nite indeed.I would rather sleep in my car than at that motel 6 EVER.	
Nov 22 2009 	Utter Disaster	What a shame. The Meridian seems like it could make for a really great stay in Vegas, with its convenient location, 2 gorgeous pools and lovely plantings on the grounds, the suites themselves tastefully turned out with nice furnishings. But the beauty of the property was matched by the total disaster that was our booking broker, Travel Link. This organization cannot possibly be legitimate, because no legit operation would cause the single worst experience I ever hope to have while traveling. My company booked 9 apartments (the Meridian is a mix of actual homes and condo's for rent) during April 2009 to accommodate our group, two people to each apartment. We booked a YEAR in advance. Travel Link only came up with 7 apartments for us in the end, breaking the contractual promise. Luckily we had one no-show in our group, and someone else stayed in a different place last minute. It was a major battle to obtain the keys..the KEYS to the rooms...a major battle fraught with many phone calls...yes, simple room keys should be a no brainer. It only got worse from there. Some rooms had no power, some had no water, some had no cable. One of the apartments, the rightful owners walked in on us, expecting to stay there themselves for the week, seems Travel Link had somehow given us an apartment that was already occupied? Awkward! Two of the seven apartments literally got seized by the bank DURING our stay. Imagine being on a business trip, coming back to your room from your daytime conference to find a foreclosure notice and your door bolted shut. The police had to be called because my colleagues were unable to get back inside to rescue their belongings! It turned out that in the year since we booked, the Meridian had lost its hotel license and wasn't supposed to be leased, which explained the lack of any normal amenity such as keys, room service, a front desk or concierge, maintenance, Internet, cable or actual access to the place -- we had been promised the gate house for meetings, and poolside breakfast, both of which were denied because of the whole licensing issue. Lack of all those amenities was twice as disappointing, because we had conscientiously sent an advance scout in October, from Boston to Vegas, specifically to confirm all of these details. Who is that careful? We are. But it didn't help, it was all smoke and mirrors. Talk about a bait and switch. From keys to lack of wifi to strangers barging in, so many things went wrong that week that several of us quite literally ended up in tears. And it's not over, Travel Link is still wreaking havoc -- when our credit card bill arrived, it showed that they had charged us not for 7 rooms, but for 18! Shocking. We're still dealing with that fiasco with our credit card fraud division. The only way I would ever recommend the Meridian is if a) you confirm with the city of Las Vegas that they have their hotel license back and b)you do NOT book via Travel Link. I must take a moment to say that the guards patrolling the property and manning the front gate are very courteous, and sympathetic, seems they're all aware of the situation at this place and do their best to at least be kind to the poor walking wounded unlucky enough to have booked a stay. Never again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Unbelievable!	This is one of the the most luxurious places in Las Vegas as well as anywhere else in the world I've been. Stayed in a Villa with celebrity friends. Between the 6 bedrooms, living room, indoor pool &amp; spa, gym, dining room, etc etc I felt like I had a hotel to myself! The private butler and staff were ridiculously accomodating. I only can hope my friends will take me again. Absolutely gorgeous and private hideaway in LV. 5 Stars!!!	
Nov 19 2009 	Home away from home	Stayed at the Cancun for 3 days as the kids were nagging us to see Hoover Dam. Was surprised of the quality of the rooms. When I booked the room through hotels.com it stated that the room would sleep five when in actually it only sleeps 4 noting one room has a king size bed and a queen bed with no sleeper sofer. The room was clean and modern with huge spa baths adjoined to each room. My biggest gripe was that there was no free wireless internet and was expensive at $9.95 per day. Great pool facility with waterslide for the kids. Beds were clean and comfortable with each room having a tv which was good for the kids. Free Shuttle bus to the strip was also very handy. Would stay here again. Staff were very courteous and frendly.	
	Our go-to budget friendly Vegas hotel	Have stayed there four times in the past 3 years, the most recent being Thanksgiving weekend. Unless there is a special occasion warranting a better hotel, this is the only place I stay when I go to Vegas. The property is nice and the the rooms are huge, clean, relatively nice, and cheap. My only real complaint is with the separate $10 nightly resort fee they tack on once you check in. It covers free wi-fi in the public areas, pool and gym use, and parking. They should just include that fee in the rate like other hotels do (even if they have to bump the rate up) or make it optional for those who don't need to use those amenities. Seems kinda bait and switchy to me. Anyway, more good-to-know stuff: - If you join their free members club, they mail you coupons, which this time got us a $25 nightly rate at Thanksgiving as opposed to the $59 rate otherwise. Still had to pay the resort fee though!- The walls are thin. The first 2 times we stayed here, the people walking in the room above us kept us awake at night. Since then we have requested the top floor and noise hasn't been a problem. - Marilyn's Cafe is good. You have to walk through the small, smoke-filled casino to get to it though. The little pizza/hot dog place is decent, too.- The kitchen area has a sink, stove, and fridge. But without pots and pans, what good is a stove? They should provide microwaves instead. - Parking can be a challenge at night. You might have to park far away and walk through the dimly lit lot and/or pathways to get to your building (it never felt unsafe though). - Don't expect perfection. The old school televisions in the rooms have been slightly fuzzy every time we've stayed there. There has always been some manner of patchwork in the bathroom, like a poorly fixed tile, visible screws holding the vanity together, a loud vent, etc. This last time, we remarked on the lack of padding in the carpet (seriously, it was like walking on cement) and took offense to the sign in the bathroom warning us that we would be charged for taking towels (kinda low rent and tacky in my opinion). This may just be my thing, too, but the box springs looked like they had seen better days...and lots of travelers!- The rooms are laid out like a big open box. The sleeping, living, and kitchen areas are all together with only the bathroom being separate. I prefer suites where the sleeping area is separate for privacy and a more homey feel. All in all, Tuscany is still a good value though. We'll be back!	
Nov 5 2008 	Drug needles under the bed!!!!!!!!	This motel is absolutely terrible. There was a Drug syringe left under the bed and all they could say about that was that it was a &quot;budget&quot; motel what did we expect?. We switched rooms and the new room had a dirty toilet. All this and they charge you extra for WIFI Bad customer service and no cleanliness makes this one of the worst rooms we've ever had the misfortune to visit. Avoid at all costs. (seriously stay in your car if you have to).	
Dec 24 2003	FRAUD at Bel Aire West	We pre-paid our bill through Hotels for a charge of $377.55, AND was incorrectly charged again for $136.25 to stay at the Bel Aire West Hotel, advertised as a 4-Star hotel, with gourmet meals and King-size beds. However, upon our arrival, the absolute opposite was true. We were given a room with a full size bed, hard as a rock, there was NO room service for the three days we were there, no fresh bed linens (there was still long, black hairs stuck in the unwashed comforter from the last guest), no fresh towels, no trash picked up. There was no coffeemaker, no coffee. In our room there was a fridge and microwave, however, no plates, no silverware only plastic ware. There were NO gourmet meals. They served velveeta cheese in the omelettes and the ham for the Thanksgiving dinner was as tough as leather. The heater did not work properly, it took serveral hours for the room to heat up. We were told that we could not get our money back, because we had pre-paid through Hotels And it is impossible to find another hotel on Thanksgiving weekend, so they knew we were forced to stay there. Upon going to the manager, Cliff Singleton, his response was to only laugh, and then argue with me. At first he tried to claim that we never stayed at his hotel. When I was finally able to reach him to describe our horrible experience there, Mr. Singleton continued to laugh, be beligerent and argue that he was not responsible for correcting the 4-Star rating for his hotel and that Hotels.com was responsible for changing that rating. It seemed he was used to screaming at customers the way he was screaming at me. Then on December 1, 2003, long after we had checked-out Thanksgiving weekend, Mr. Singleton charged us again, for $136.25, claiming we did not show up to his hotel. But we were there for three horrible days! I called my bank to let them know that I was now being double billed, when we had already pre-paid with Hotels. I can only fill out a complaint form. Meanwhile, Mr. Singleton is allowed to take $513.80 from my account which is not legally his! THIS PLACE IS A FRAUD AND A NIGHTMARE!!!!	
Nov 14 2009	A loyal Marriott follower was not disappointed	I decided to take my daughter to Vegas for her 21st birthday prior to a work trip to LA. I read a number of reviews and had very little surprises. Let me start with the thing that I would have changed with my trip. I would not take the Monorail. We choose the 3 day pass for 30.00 each and would have been better saving the money for cabs. Even if its .2 miles away it was not convenient, fine for the day and sneaks but if you are all dressed up with heels, and at night the street was a bit scary. We arrived early but our room was available in less than an hour. Gold membership allowed for breakfast (big reason I paid for my stay) figuring that a $20-30 saving on breakfast took the cost of the room down to $70-80. We were allowed to choose off the regular menu plus the buffet made it very nice. Didn't need a suite although it made it a bit roomier. Pool was satisfactory for me but my daughter needed a resort feel so we cabbed it the JW Resort about 15 minutes away...WOW what a beautiful place. When we explained why we were there one of the Marriott hosts actually bought us our first round of drinks. What a nice touch. Overall I was pleased with the Marriott Suites, The JW Marriott day trip and the whole Vegas experience. We loved the NewYork NewYork Casino.	
	Best hotel in Vegas!	Well I'd like to start off by thinking the staff for the early check in. I must say a complementary upgraded room would have been nice. However, their normal rooms are just fine. We had great service throughout are stay. From the valet, to the bellhop, and to the servers at the Coranado Cafe, everything was great. We always stay here when were in Vegas. While it is 10 minutes from the strip, everything you need is here. The strip is just a mess with the terrible traffic. I even saw Floyd Mayweather while playing some blackjack in their great casino. We hope to be coming back in December. They could however drop the need to charge $15 a night to use internet.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great time at SUmmer Bay	Stayed here through RCI points. We stayed in a brand new 1 bedroom on the third floor. Everything was brand new - granite countertops, nice appliances, washer/dryer. To have all the comforts of home was great. There was even a huge walk-in closet and a bathtub that could fit an entire family! The staff was very friendly and helpful when we needed directions. They also helped us get a good deal on a rental car. The location was convenient to the strip. You could walk if you want but the street there seemed a bit shady and I would not have wanted to walk through that way at night. However, the available shuttle's to Harrah's were great because it let you off mid-strip and you could walk wherever else. The pool was open 24 hours which was awesome. Parking is readily available. The balcony was great too.	
Jan 26 2006 	Not a hotel a flop house! Huge dive!	My husband and I were considering moving to LV and needed a reasonable place to stay for a few weeks. At $219 a week, this was the best price we found and the pictures on the web site looked decent. Well, this place is a HOLE. It looks ok on the outside, but in the lobby, then stench of smoke hits you as soon as you walk through the door. The staff was discussing some unidentified bodily fluid that was found in one of the rooms and trying to figure out where it came from. The clientele is questionable. Against our better judgement, we went to see a room. It stank, the furniture was smelly and ratty, the bathroom was absolutely disgusting. We left immediately and lost our deposit. If you are looking for a place to stay for a few days, go to a hotel...this is not a hotel (they charge an extra $35 a week for sheets) and if you are looking for a place to stay for a month or so, better to call around and find an apartment complex that will allow a short term lease. We found one that is actually about the same as a month in that pit. Seriously, if you are looking for something the quality of a brand name, moderate scale hotel this is WAY below...I've stayed in some not too great road-side motels out of desparation and they are the Ritz compared to this place. The website is NOTHING like the actual place. Beware!	
Nov 21 2009 	Awful! noisy felt unsafe. Don't confuse with Americana 5 Inn 4244 N. Las Vegas Blvd	The red and blue doors and stairs agains the white building are about the only 'good' (as in cute in a kitsch kind of way) thing about this place. I think my partner, who booked it, must have read the review for the other Americana 5 here on Tripadvisor. As we drove up the road along the side of this motel, the first thing I noticed was that a room in the middle of the second storey was boarded up. Then I noticed that it was because there had been a fire. That did not bode well but I thought 'hey these things happen' and kept an open mind.The room did not smell - unlike other reviewers here. However, it was late November. I don't know what it would be like in the summer. The electrical sockets (outlets) were in holes in the wall that were too big for them (ie there was a dangerous looking gap).The toilet seat and lid were a nasty cheap soft plastic and was torn in several places.There was a microwave and fridge - however:the microwave was on a television wall bracket - so the door could not be opened (not that I intended to use it)the fridge was incredibly noisy. So much so that I had trouble getting to sleep and then it woke me at 4am. It was louder than the road noise - and that was loud!The door had no additional lock and was quite flimsy. Anyone could have broken in quite easily. There was a gap around the door that let in daylight and draught.No breakfast (but I wouldn't have wanted it).Don't stay here. As someone else daid - I'd (almost) rather sleep in the car.Before we arrived, having booked one night via the web, we considered staying an extra night in Vegas. We didn't bother. No wifi.	
	Poor service 	From the minute I checked in on Sunday, I knew this wasn't going to be a good stay. The smell of cigarette smoke was especially strong as soon as you walk in the door. The lady at reception said that my room wouldn't be ready until 4pm (normal check-in time) and so gave me a room with 2 Queens instead of the 1 king I'd ordered, so that I could check immediately. When I questioned the normal check-in time she was rude. I said &quot;I don't have to stay here&quot; and she replied, &quot;No you dont&quot;. Anyway, the room was fine. The extras are frustrating. In-room Internet costs $15.00 per day. The gym costs $25.00 per day. Overall I wouldn't recommend this hotel.	
	Perfect room in a wonderfull hotel at a quiet place	The hotel is not at the Strip but about 10min. by car away from the MGM building at the Strip. Just at the other side of highway 15. A quiet spot to relax from the dazzle and razzle of crazy Las Vegas. There is a free shuttle that brings you to the strip and take you back to the hotel at the time that you agree with the frinedly drivers. The suites are grand: living room, sleeping room, bathroom and a fully equiped kitchen. There is even with a washing machine.The hotel has a large swimming pool and whirl pools. During our stay in September, we were only with less than 10 persons in the pool late afternoon. Much more preferred than the colossal hotels at the Strip where you are with hundreds at breakfeast and in the swimming pool.	
Oct 8 2009	Old reviews are more accurate than recent ones	I thought this hotel would be decent because all the recent reviews were good and all the older reviews were terrible. I thought perhaps they had a change of management. WRONG. This place is a dump, not very clean, cigarette holes in the sheets, etc. The staff was very nice though, at least the ones that spoke and understood English. I think you could find a better budget hotel than this one. No pool, either even though the site has a picture of one. Very disappointed but we dealt with it for 2 nights. At least, no bed bugs.	
	Great place to stay	My balcony overlooked the Vegas strip; the room had a full-functional kitchen with dishes, appliances, etc.; the tub was also a jacuzzi, the shower had a rain shower; the bed was extremely comfortable; the staff was friendly; location was great; the Ghostbar; Little Buddha (sushi place); playboy club; Rain; Moon; everything was spectacular!	
Sep 10 2008	Worst place to stay	Everyone seemed nice when I just got there to check in. Apparently that was only time. After you pay them the costumer service stops. I had a problem with my phone connection. They said they were going to get it checked, nobody came by for a day so I asked to speak to the manager, her name was Dana Alexander, I complained and she hung up on me.  I also got a notice to pay for a pet deposit or leave. I dont have a pet. I dont know where they got that idea. Honestly I think the manager was just trying to find a way to kick me out. She does not care about lossing costumers, with the economy down and people lossing there houses they got nowhere to go, at least here they dont ask for your rental history, they dont need a whole months deposit. They actually make more money with new tenants. Thats how I ended up in here. But its not really cheap either, its close to about 1000 a month for a 1 small bedroom, they have a bed, a couch and a small table witch I had to put a paper in one of the pole to make it stand straight . and 2 chairs but there all so cheap. I bet I can get all the furniture inside this place at a yard sale for 50 bucks. Well I did'nt expect luxury, it is budget suites after all. But as a costumer I expected a little bit of courtesy. All I got from the place was harassment, and stress. That place is a total scam.	
	Lovely place to stay	Hubby &amp; I just returned from a 4 day trip to LV. Our stay at Tahiti couldn't be better. The staff was very friendly and responsive (our fireplace wasn't coming on when we arrived in our room and I think they had a serviceman knocking on our door before I'd even hung up the phone with the front desk!).Our room (the 1 BR with LV, full size kitchen and balcony overlooking the pool), was clean and located just where I'd asked for when I called the front desk a couple days before our arrival. The location gives quick access to any of the highways or major roads around the city. A shuttle service is available, but we had a rental car. We used the shuttle once when we picked it up at the Tropicana for a ride up to Treasure Island to pick up our car after spending an afternoon working our way down the strip by foot. (Don't miss the 'perfect' margarita at Margaritaville at the Flamingo!). The ride was pretty quick and the driver was full of great suggestions around town.Overall, we found no major issues with this resort and we'd definitely stay here again - it's not a big, huge resort, but if you want access to all that Vegas has to offer, but also a place to chill out at - I highly recommend the Tahiti (not to be confused with it's sister resort, the Tahiti VILLAGE which is located south of Mandalay Bay and near the airport on South Las Vegas Blvd).	
Nov 17 2009 	Good value for money	Vegas was the best starting point for my this years holiday with my wife. As we were in Vegas before, we did not had intentions to spend much time on the strip and after checking the prices for the hotels there, we decided that we rather save some $$$ and look for an off strip hotel. Based on the reviews here I selected Candlewood which was avaiable for some 50$ at the time I booked. For that price it offered all I needed. A nice clean room (we had a suite), free internet and it was not far away from the strip. If you are looking for good value for money hotel which does not necessarily be on the strip, then Candlewood should be one of your options	
Oct 30 2009 	beautiful suites	i stayed here for 3 days with family for my destination wedding. I rented 2 bedroom suites and a 1 bedroom suite. The rooms were very clean, had ample space and had a very homey feeling. My guests were very happy with the rooms. It may be a little far from the strip but for those who will be bringing their own cars it wont be a problem. I highly recommend this place, I would definitely go back.	
	This hotel deserves praise	I was unaware that my watch was on 4:00 pm EST and checked-in prematurely. It was therefore only 1:00 p.m. I think it was the manager who was behind the front desk who took me in without complaint or a whimper. There is nothing fancy about this B&amp;B but it is clean and comfortable. I did not have much interaction with the staff but I did not find any rudeness in them. The unlimited free breakfast was excellent. Much better when I last stayed at a La Quinta in L.A. I will definitely come back if I get a nice deal again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Nice surprise!	I didn't know what to expect from Hotel32 and was pleasantly surprise by this hotel. It delivered on the promises made in the marketing email I received!	
Oct 14 2009 	Good Location but a few operational glitches	I booked this hotel because it was close to the airport, they had an airport shuttle, and I didn't want to get caught up in all of the activity of the Strip. But when I arrived at the airport at 9pm, I tried to call the hotel to find out when I could expect the shuttle--- and no one would answer the phone! I tried again and again and even called Hilton reservations to make sure I had the right number. (They couldn't get anyone to answer either!) In the meantime the shuttle bus showed. But if you're expecting some important calls, this may not be the place for you; try calling the hotel in the evening yourself and then decide. The front desk is also a little mixed up. They made several mistakes, that although not serious, caused me inconvenience. To the hotel's credit, they worked hard to make these mistakes &quot;right&quot; and apologized profusely.The rooms are spacious and well equipped. The bathroom has extra amenities. The housekeeping was excellent. The beds are comfortable. There was a slight amount of crossover noise from the next room.The airconditioning unit (in both rooms I stayed in on two different stays) was quite noisey. I also tried to turn down the controls to a lower fan speed without success. The shuttle bus IS a great convenience. And the hotel IS close to the airport. If it could just work these bugs out of their system I would consider going back.	
Aug 26 2009 	Would stay again	As there are not many reviews on this property I thought I would add my own. We received an e mail the week before we arrived giving us details of the resort and the opportunity for questions. I did ask if they provided pool tools as could not see this mentioned anywhere on the website, i received a quick reply to say that they did, I think this was a nice touch The apartment was very nice and clean, we had a 2 bedroom on the top floor for 2 weeks. Although we were close to the main road, we weren't bothered by any noise. We did have to ask for the unit to be cleaned after the first week, which they did so eventually. you can exchange your room or pool towels for clean ones at reception during the day and we found all the staff very helpful and courteous. The pool was lovely and quiet, and although they don't have a bar or any snack/eating facilities you could take your own beers and food down to the pool from your unit (all of which are very close proximity to the pool area) which we prefer to do anyway. We had everything we needed in the unit and used Smiths supermarker down the road (turn left out of the property and it is just past the lights) don't bother with Albertsons, its very small with hardly anything, Smiths is huge and has everything you could want there. We only used the shuttle once as we had a car, it was very hot in August but it didn't bother us as everything was so well cooled with the a/c. We stayed in Treasure Island on the strip for 2 nights just to experience it, but we couldn't wait to get back to Worldmark with all the conveninces of home (the strip rooms are just that, room only, not even tea/coffee making facilities so Starbucks make a fortune !!!) and the lovely quiet pool area that stays open until 10pm, lovely for a late night dip. Although the units are quite dated we loved it there, the only gripe would be that they need to provide at least 1 full lenghth mirror in the unit somewhere, we only had the mirror in each bathroom and the lighting wasn't that good, I had to sit out on the balcony with a small mirror to put my make up on !!!! I would recommend it though as it is a lovely 'off strip' place to stay.P.S Don't get the popularity of 'In N Out Burger' down the road, its no different than McDonalds in quality !!!!!Outback restaurants are good especially the one opposite the Mirage, not too expensive and lovely ribs	
Aug 3 2008 	Nice Retirement motel	This motel is okay for people to retire in it fits their budget and is close to everything they need, including trolley ,DTC bus lines, and within walking distance of Fremont casinos and restaurants. The service is good, front desk clerks could use some improvement, such as dress code and manners or politeness to customers, also they are slow at check in and check out.	
Jul 8 2009 	Yucky but cheap	Memorial Day Weekend I found overated motels with inflated prices. I settled on this one and saved about $40 per night. The room was just OK. The pool was great on a hot day. Cigarette smoke was real bad in the hall. We were busy that weekend so only used this just to clean up &amp; sleep. My daughter &amp; her hubby have returned 3 times to Vegas &amp; now stay here each time. They can afford better, but choose to save when they can.	
Jul 10 2009	quiet a bit off the Strip which makes it perfect	enjoyable stay, nice restaurants (steak house, italian) right next door	
Nov 24 2009 	GOOD BUT WITH NOTES	A very pleasant place to stay overall, and we were there a week. Clean and neat. I will list the shortcomings and other than that it was all perfect. No free internet. You can attend a time share meeting and get it free, but otherwise it was $5/day for a wireless hook-up. We stayed in Tower 5 because we asked at check-in where the nicest rooms were, and since this is the new building they directed us there. We were at the end of the long hall on the 7th floor. There is limited parking close to the one elevator, but it is first come and goes fast. Unless you stay in the room all the time you will return at times and have to use their free parking garage. This parking garage is at the opposite end of Tower 5's elevator, and you will have a walk of about 150 yards each way which was a pain to deal with all week. Staff was friendly, but maintenance was invisible. Our room was missing a hair dryer, and when we asked for one (twice) we finally were told they were ordering more and we never did get one.The lazy river was nice, but in November the building blocks the sun on most of it and that made it pretty cool in the shady fall air. We had to pay for an innertube and that was disappointing as it would cost them nothing to throw this in for free. Good location on the strip, but out of the hussle, but within fast striking distance.We would stay there agin.	
Oct 25 2009 	Well....	We are on the 4th floor, no balcony, pretty standard room, sort of like Motel 6 , at least there is a fridge and microwave. Tonight the Halloween party they had down stairs triggared the fire alarm, there were families with small kids and the rest of us packing frantically and marching out of the building, turned out it was the party using smoke to better show off their costume potential. So, there we were in the parking lot while our adult trick or treaters poured another one back. Front desk: Just a dude saying:&quot;False Alarm,&quot; went back to talking on his cell. Not good. The 4th floor is non smoking, but smells like a cigar. Oh, and bring your own hair conditioner and lotion, they have that crummy &quot;conditioner shampoo and a bar of soap&quot; party on.	
	Great Stay at Ny NY	From check in to check out we had a fab time at Ny Ny - the location is not as central as some of the hotels we've stayed at but we new this before we booked. We had a great room (newly refurbished) on a relatively low floor but the view was unimportant and the casino and bars were all great fun. There is a lovely little coffee shop which we used for bagel and coffees for breakfast just round past starbucks and the piano bar. The place is buzzing 24hours and we know as we didn't sleep the 4 days of our visit.	
	You will not be dissapointed!!	We stayed at the Venetian for ten days in November 2009, After a long tiring flight from the UK we arrived to a very busy check in desk (its busy 24/7!) but we were quickly processed and found our room very easily.When we opened the door, we could have cried...it was absolutely fabulous! Bearing in mind that this was one of the cheaper suites, it was spotlessly clean, very comfortable, flat screen tv's in the lounge, bedroom and bathroom, mini fridge/bar, safe, writing desk with internet access, massive comfortable bed and the usual free goodies!The maids were very efficicient, the food within the hotel offers a wide choice from the ridiculously expensive to the very affordable but basic.If I return to Vegas, I would not hesitate to stay there again. Enough said!	
Nov 15 2009	Clean Cheap and Cheerful	This motel is popular with people from LA and so we saw some beautiful Harleys and Trucks. It is cheap and cheerful and the beds are the most comfortable I have ever had, we slept and after walking the Strip all day we were always glad to come back to rest. This is the good thing about this motel, it is off strip on Paradise Road. There is a shuttle that drops you off at Ballys but if he isnt busy one of the drivers will take you to Flamingo's. The only think that spoiled it was the breakfast, its cotly and greasy served by a surly male. But MacDonalds is 2 minutes up the road and so is a seven eleven where you buy cheap you water before going to town where it is three times the price.The pool is small but there is always room, there is a hot tub and a quiet area above the pool area to lie and catch the rays if its not tto hot 98 when we were there.There is a laundry room so buy your soap powder at the seven eleven as the dispenser is costly.The reception staff are helpful and always know whats going on. There is a little casino in reception and the bar is a great place to watch the football (American of course)Because of the size of the rooms I would recommend this place for families as there is two queen size beds and room for cots.Also leaflets for take aways were always in the door making eating cheap after seeing the prices at the strip we ate either at Downtowns (The original strip) or got take away.I liked it because I found the need for peace and quiet after a dat at the strip as the noise becomes a pain, Vegas never closes.	
	A vile petri dish of filth and bad odors. Stay away!	I booked three nights in this hotel, for a trip celebrating a good friend's birthday. We wanted to stay somewhere downtown, park the car and enjoy the Fremont Street attractions on foot. We chose the Plaza for its location and price: big mistake.The warning signs were there early, starting with the disgusting garage. We checked in, and while I had ordered a non-smoking room, we were told that only smoking rooms were available. The elevator groaned and squealed as we went up, before shuddering and shaking to a stop at my floor. I opened my door and was greeted with an unspeakably awful smell, like a mixture of cigarette butts, vomit and Lysol. I flicked on the light switch, but the room remained dark. As I entered, my foot hit something metal and sent it flying across the room. (This turned out to be a large steel kickplate from a vacuum cleaner.)I groped around the room until I found the bathroom, and turned on the light. As the fluorescent fixtures flickered and buzzed to life, I found myself wishing it was still dark. Now I've traveled all over the world, including third world regions of Asia and central America, but I've never been in a hotel room as disgusting as this. The wallpaper was deep yellow with cigarette smoke, and was peeling up at every seam. The bathroom tile was moldy and cracked. The carpet was so dirty you could barely see the pattern through the wide variety of dark mysterious stains. Everything in the room (lamps, phone TV remote, table) was sticky with gooey residue, and I desperately hoped it wasn't some kind of bodily fluid. I opened the window to try to air out the foul stench, but it only hinged open a few inches.I immediately called another hotel (The Golden Nugget) to make new accomodations. Sadly, nothing was available for that night so I had to bed down for one night at the Plaza. I used toilet paper (there was no box of tissues provided) to grab and toss the DNA encrusted bedspread into the corner, and pulled back the covers. The sheets themselves (miraculously) seemed clean, so I settled in for the night and tried to ignore the awful smell. The bed itself was rock-hard, and had a strange crunchy feel and sound, as though the mattress contained a layer of pebbles. (This was probably dried out, crunchy foam rubber.) I tried to not think about the pillow, and the variety of mites and pathogens it surely contained.In the morning, I had a headache and sore throat, from inhaling that smell all night. I wanted out of there IMMEDIATELY, so I hopped in the shower. Wonderful, no hot water!!! The faucet at the sink worked OK, so clearly the shower valve was defective. After my ice water shower, there was no way I would walk around on that vile carpet, so I wrapped hand towels around my feet and shuffled around as I shaved and dressed.Seriously people, this joint is disgusting beyond belief, a wretched petri dish of filth. Just being in the room filled my head with depressing thoughts, and the last thing you want to do is wake up there...everything about it screams &quot;flophouse.&quot; You deserve better.	
Aug 5 2008 	Not bad for a business class hotel	Stayed 4 out of 5 days at this hotel while travelling in group of 4. Only reason we didn't stay the first day was because our flight was cancelled. Comfortable and large rooms. Stayed here to stay out of hotel casinos. Only drawbacks were teh ppol, which was shallow and tiny and distance from the &quot;strip&quot;. Staff quite accomodating and pleasant to interact with. Would not stay again for vacation, but if I ever needed to go there on business, I would definately put this on my list.	
	It suited our needs	Just as most of the reviews state, room is small and dated but clean, staff very friendly, drink service in casino very good, excellent location. For a few more dollars would probably stay at GN again next time.	
Aug 29 2009 	Horrid	I have read some of the other reviews. All I can say is that I don't know how this place is allowed to stay operating. First day...our unit had dirty filthy carpet so bad, it blackened the bottom of our feet when we took our shoes off and walked on it...reported it but it was never cleaned. Bug bites on my body...mal-functioning air conditioner which they took forever to look at. And even then, it was never fixed properly...and of course, roaches. Over crowed rooms with an access of people. Children running, yelling and screaminbg up and down the walkways until almost 11:00 p.m. Spas are empty and not working. If you tell the office staff, you get that blank stare as if you're speaking a foreign language. I asked to speak to the manager...was told she was in a meeting...was told that she would call me. She never did. Oh, and there are no REFUNDS! It's not worth saving a few bucks. Like they say, you get what you pay for.	
	GREAT VALUE	After reading several of the reviews, we were very pleasantly surprised. I agree a coffee maker in the room would be a very nice amenity. Room was large, carpet had a few stains, but room overall was clean; linens were very, very nice. Bed was comfortable. Housekeeping service was great! I would definitely stay here again. Location is on North end of strip, but it's nice because it is not so busy. Can easily access bus and monorail.	
Oct 17 2009 	Different in a good way.	I've stayed at Hyatts before, but never at the business traveler-oriented Hyatt Place. This one is kitty-corner to the Hard Rock Casino amid a maze of streets that end abruptly and/or are one-way (which I don't think they were a few years ago). Keep in mind that the Hard Rock is close by because this property has no casino -- it's here for business, baby!If you're just looking for a nice place to stay, and don't necessarily need that &quot;Vegas Experience&quot; in your hotel, you should consider this place. It has no room service, but the rooms are spacious, clean and quiet. Parking is easy access, and when I was in my sixth-floor room I could see my car safely in the lot below. It's relatively close to the airport, but I only heard occasional muffled engine noise from small jets, nothing bothersome.Nice HD-TV with a lot of channels (movies are $11.99, if that's your in-room thing), working fridge was nice and free wi-fi was very good. It took me awhile to figure out the giant mirror was actually the sliding closet door. There is a small cafe, from which I grabbed some fruit from the coninental breakfast selection. Sharing the parking lot with the hotel is a popular Bavarian restaurant, and across the street there's a CVS, a bar &amp; grill, a Johnny Rockets (burgers), sushi and Korean BBQ. On the other corner there's UNLV, in case you feel like enrolling.Points off for the dirty drinking glasses.Overall, I think this is a great value and a nice change of pace. If you need the hustle and bustle of the Strip, it's only a few blocks away.	
Nov 10 2009 	Palace Station is the best!	My boyfriend and I spent a week at Palace Station and after reading the mixed reviews were a bit worried. Please do NOT listen to the negative ones though! We have never been treated so well at a hotel and the staff are the friendliest people I have ever met. Yes, they are off-strip, but they have shuttles that will take you there and back 7 or 8 times during the day that are a part of the charge. Yes, there is a resort fee that you have to pay, but when you add it to the cheap price of the rooms, it is still a great bargain. We stayed in the tower and the room was clean, spacious, up to date and really comfortable. The cleaning staff were wonderful and there are restaurants there to suit every taste. Everyone took the time to talk to us and make sure we had everything we needed and really went out of their way to ensure we had a great time. The dealers and croupiers were funny and friendly and the pit bosses were a hoot! Can't wait to go back and we will definitely be going back to Palace Station. If you do go to Vegas, rent a car for at least a day or two and go to see Valley of Fire State Park which is about 30 miles outside of town and costs $6 I think to get in. It was the best part of our trip... absolutely beautiful... the other thing to see is Zion National Park ($25 entry fee).. its a bit further out, but amazing.. just make sure whoever is driving is not a nervous driver!!! Absolutely incredible and we will never do Vegas without a car again! There is so much more than just the strip!	
Nov 17 2009 	Don't eat here!	We stopped by the Resort for lunch and to check it out. We liked the way the place looked and stopped in the bar for lunch. They clearly have a quality problem in the kitchen. The burger came out with the bun toasted black...no exaggeration. We had to ask to have it re made. One sandwich was ordered without mayo. It came out with mayo. When we sent it back, it was returned with most of the mayo simply scraped off the bread. The chili came out warm not hot. The nachos were good and the waitress was friendly...just don't understand how she could serve a burger on bread that was burned to a crisp...	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Stay	Great Hotel with a mini kitchen in each room (microwave, toaster, sink and fridge). Stayed for the week to attend a convention so ideally located for the convention centre. Can be a bit expensive travelling to the strip as you have to use a cab or the monorail. Hotel has a small deli which was not bad but limited choice of snacks. However, the Hilton is about a 5 minute walk away so you can eat there. The buffet in the Hilton was great at $17.95, which includes beer or wine, so great value. Another bonus was the free internet access and good choice of tv channels. We did get a call about the time share club, but simply ignored it so no pressure to join. All in all a good choice.	
Jun 12 2009 	Cheap and poorly maintained	Whilst the hotel was located close to the airport and is very cheap it was also somewhat shabby with some poor fixtures and fittings including noisy and uneffective air-conditioning. The bedroom was however spacious and the bed comfy, and we were given a free ride to the airport.	
	What a change - easily the best value downtown	We have been staying downtown 2-3 times per year over the last 6 years, and 6 years ago never thought the El Cortez would even be a consideration to stay in. It was a dump, dirty and delapidated, in a somewhat scary part of downtown, 2 blocks east of the Fremont Street Experience. The clientele seemed to fit the place perfectly. Smoke poured out the casino door when it opened (we smoke and we noticed the haze inside) and a foul odor hung in the air.Over the years, I would drop in there for a moment just out of curiousity. I noticed that, unlike some other downtown properties which were falling into decay, the El Cortez was spiffing up.Earlier this year, I convinced the better half to come in with me. She had vowed 6 yrs earlier never again. We ended up spending about 3 hours there, and she was shocked at the turnaround (but still skeptical).We got an offer to stay in the new Cabana Suites and (after agreeing with her that we would go elsewhere if it wasn't decent there, as well as researching their remodel, etc. on the web and showing such to her) we booked, opting for a Tower room as the Suites are non-smoking. I'm glad we did, as the Cabana Suites are also across the street, not attached to the main building.The changes are not superficial.Services were excellent all around. When we booked they gave us a room number. We arrived about an hour before check-in time and the room was ready (same room number they had given us a month earlier). Not once did we see a smudge print on the elevator panel, nor anywhere in it (although it is a pet peeve of mine, that nearly every property that has a nice big furnishing in the hall when you exit the elevator has been knicked but good by the maids vacuum and isn't touched up. Same here) . The room was large, clean (no fear of being barefoot as in some other properties) and well appointed. No flat screen TV, but it was big enough. Except for the TV, it looked just like the picture on their website (believe me, many of the other properties rooms do not). Bathroom is kinda small, but that wasn't a problem. Electronic safe is in there mounted near the floor in the closet area. You won't find amenities already in place in the room, but they're available, just call down. She needed a hairdryer and they offered to bring a frig as well. Don't see that happen often. No old noisy heat/cool unit on the floor by the window here. Output and air intake are vented from the ceiling with the control on the wall near the door. And no old 'popcorn' ceiling.Gambling was fun, great mix of new and old machines (there are still coin payouts on some, old Vegas) and the limits are low on the tables ($3 BJ with 3/2 and 25 cent roulette with $1 minimum) which is nice if you hit a cold streak. Casino was very clean at all times in the 3+ days we stayed. It was common to see not just maintenance people picking up around the place, but floor people, servers, and security as well. Machines were being wiped down and no trash and empty cups/bottles laying round them. The air was clear and no odors. Carpet and floors all clean. Fellow patrons were friendly, it has a loyal following.We ate each day at the Cafe Cortez. Great food and a lot of it for cheap (frig came in handy for leftovers). And yes, Jackie is around, he ate at the next table Sunday morning. Didn't try The Flame or the hot dog cart, but heard they were good. If you don't want to stop gambling to eat, they have a service to deliver food to you. We forgot to try that, but saw many people using it.There are still some characters in there, but that's typical downtown. Security is abundant, inside and out. Not once did we see any disturbance. The short walk to the Experience is plenty safe, day or night. We walked one night to Binion's to eat at the coffee shop there (sure glad we did, as unfortunately it will be gone in a couple of weeks) and had no problem at all. But the fact is, we enjoyed the El Cortez so much, that was the only time we left the property.Bottom line, the El Cortez ranks #2 as far as downtown properties go (Golden Nugget is #1, but much more expensive). If your looking for a hip crowd and expensive duds, go to the GN. But if your like us, average working class people, the EC is the place to go.	
	Easy walk to the strip	Help was very, very friendly and helpful. Extremely quiet for how big it is and how many people staying there. Only stayed 1 night but would stay longer. Got me a parking spot for my Harley right out front were it could be watched.	
	off the beaten path	terrible's is a nice hotel and casino if you only to sleep at after a night on the town. have stayed at many others on the strip and on busy days traffic is unbearable. so terrible's is a short drive to the strip or walk if your athletic. the rooms are not luxurious but when i go to vegas its not to be locked up in my room, as long as i have somewhere to crash thats not sleazy and smelly terrible's makes the cut.	
Oct 14 2009 	LOTS OF EXTRAS	This is not a suite as far as i'm concerned, they don't tell you you have to pay for pots &amp; pans' also the house cleaning and change of towels and bin emptying ect was only done once a week so you had to go to reception to get clean towels which wasn't always there so you had to wait for a shower and empty your own bins also, this was the only place out of 12 I had to pay for the internet which was not even a secure line and worst of all you had to pay for an outside phone line again this was the ony place where they charged you for a free local call I had a walgreen card would have been cheaper to use a public phone, the time I payed for the extra's it would have been cheaper &amp; better to stay at one of the big hotels on the strip	
Sep 15 2009 	JUST PERFECT IT HAS EVERYTHING!	it s spacious, clean, good service, polite stuff,and the restaurant fantastic!	
Nov 8 2009 	BICSI Conference	Decided to stay at the RI, as the MGM did not seem very inviting. Hotel is minutes from the strip &amp; overall good location. Room seemed a little cramped (1 BR). They do serve a light dinner a few nights per week with beer. The breakfast is typical.	
	Incompetent! But not a surprise	Booked a room at Texas Station because we were attending a &quot;stay and play&quot; soccer tournament in Vegas. Made a reservation about a month in advance and was told could not confirm two rooms adjacent for our family of 6 (2 adults, 4 young children). But, I could call the morning of check-in and do so. Of course, was told the morning of check-in that was not possible. Surprise! When checking in at 7PM we were 'lucky' to get two rooms on the same floor.How it is not possible to make that simple (it would seem) arrangement is beyond me.It's not like a 3rd rate establishment should be doing a little extra to compete for travelers.The rooms are similar to what you would find in a hotel 20 years ago. The casino is bland and sad. There is nothing interesting within walking distance. Ok for anyone without kids thats likes to stay up all night pushing buttons and smoking.	
	Good for overnight	This is my second time at Sams Town so I knew what to expect generally. Booked a room online at a good rate and since it was mid-week, off season and few people about, I asked for an inside room. They were willing to give me one if I ponied up another $20 a night so I declined - the room decor inside and outside were no different, the view inside was not as boring. Valet service was friendly, room was adequate, check in and check out were fast and this place has one of the lowest resort fees. This hotel has a shuttle to the Strip but be warned that it could take an hour to get you there. This is a budget hotel/casino but it is clean and okay for a night or for RV'rs - quite a distance from the Strip but there's a Walmart and such around the area if you need to pick up anything. Ate at the Mexican restaurant in the hotel and it was mediocre at best..	
	I loved staying here very much.	I loved the Art, sculptures, my bed/room, the restaurant, the pool, the service, the vive, the peace. I loved the sexy, romantic feeling to this place. The spa was not open when I stayed here but it would have really been too perfect if it was. I stayed in this Hotel for 2 months and really loved it and felt really comfortable satying here. Is more of an adult place because of all the sensual paintings all over the hotel and the sculptures. The vive, look and feel of this place screams passion and romance to me. The no casino in this place is great for quiet, healthy peace and relaxation too.	
	Grandview needs to get it's act together	Just returned from this place two days ago. This was a nice place to stay and I have no complaints about the accomodations, But I was very disappointed in the staff. They screwed up at ever turn, I arrived late in the evening while some of my family checked in earlier in the day, The hotel staff harassed my mother several times that evening before she showed up at the desk with her credit card to &quot;calm&quot; the front desk staff down. (Reservation was in my name, but I had called to get them permission to check in early) I arrived at 10:30pm and gave them my credit card to settle all issues, next day at about 11:30 at night as we returned from an evening out they had locked us out of our room (not one key worked) When we called down to front desk they said it is because we hadn't paid our bill. I explained the situation of my flight delay and paying at 10:30pm the night before etc. They had no record of my credit card. What a nightmare. When I went down stairs to resolve this they had charged my mothers credit card (And yet they still locked us out) A note attached to the account stated &quot;Do not charge this credit card but to wait for me to show up with my credit card&quot;. They reversed the charges and were embarrassed about all these problems they had caused, And perplexed at what had happened. The left hand definitely didn't know what the right hand was doing. Some of the rooms were missing soap, some were missing shampoo, when calling to get what we needed they gave us the run around, and never delivered the soap or shampoo. Customer service is lacking BIG TIME&gt; BE CAREFUL. I can't wait to see my final bill. I am sure it will be screwed up too.	
Jun 27 2008	OK - typical Courtyard by Marriott	Decent hotel, away from the strip. Plenty of good restaurants (chain and non-chain) near-by. The hotel needed some updating but is a typical Courtyard by Marriott. The staff was excellent and tried hard to please. My assigned room was for a handicap person. I requested a regular room, but the only one they had was without a refrigerator and microwave. By that evening, they installed the frig and micro. I would stay here again on business.	
	Stay on the Strip Instead	This was going to be my 8th time in Vegas, and I had stayed at a new hotel on each visit. However, my friend was a Vegas newbie with a narrow-minded plan of spending most of her time lounging by the pool. Her sister advised us that we just had to book our stay with the Hard Rock Hotel. Since I had yet to try this destination and because of its party atmosphere, I conceded to the suggestion. We planned our trip to span a Thursday through Monday to ensure that we would be poolside for the Sunday Rehab party, which was still advertised as a prominent event on their website, though we had already entered the Fall season.We arrived on the scheduled Thursday afternoon and were confronted with a lengthy check-in line. We were dying to get settled and start our trip, but we were not allowed to check in prior to their 3 pm time. We were told that our room was ready but awaiting approval from the housekeeping manager, which should only take one hour. We dragged our luggage into the Pink Taco restaurant to grab some tasty Mexican salads (see separate review) and to enjoy the sun on the patio. We returned to the check in desk over an hour later and were told that our room was still awaiting approval, but that we could immediately settle into a room on a lower floor. At this point, we were just eager to get to the pool, so we agreed to the lesser room, which wound up providing a hideous view of the parking garage! The room itself had funky wallpaper, a spacious bathroom, an iPod dock with speakers, and a large flat-screen television. We had mixed feelings regarding our stay. First, their website did not mention that the Sunday Rehab party was over for the season or that their pool was not heated. So, basically, everyone was relaxing poolside in the 80-degree weather, but had nowhere to properly cool off. In regards to the crowd, my friend and I thought we were back home among Jersey shore guidos. Fist pumping was definitely not our scene...A final note on the pool is that the waitresses were extremely friendly on Thursday afternoon, but became snooty and pretentious on the weekend. It was as if they were trying to exude a &quot;cool&quot; vibe for the rowdy Saturday-Sunday crowd. All of the pretentiousness was more discouraging than impressive. Additionally, the hotel's free shuttle to the Strip only arrived once every hour and did not even stop anywhere close to Las Vegas Boulevard. We wound up opting for taxi service instead, which saved time but cost $10 each way. I was also annoyed by the $20 a day fee to use the fitness center, which was attached to the spa rather than being a part of the hotel. The large room was packed with equipment and would have been the perfect way to counteract my extravagant dinners and evening cocktails, but I refused to pay for this &quot;amenity&quot;.The main reasons to stay at the Hard Rock are for the crazy atmosphere, terrific nightlife options, and large pool grotto. However, many of these things are negligible and can be found at other properties. I would recommend staying on the Strip instead.	
Aug 1 2009 	A Loud No Frills Motel!!!	We stayed at the Best Western for one night while en route to Utah. We needed a motel that was close to the highway and a room where we could park our car in front of. After spending a fun night on the strip, we headed to the motel. It is far from the strip and is located in probably the worst part of Las Vegas. There are about 300-400 homeless people living in tents in the same neighborhoods. We got to the motel around midnight. Check-in was quick. The room was decent, and clean, nothing fancy. Just as we got into bed, we heard garbage trucks picking up the garbage. We heard these loud garbage trucks for another 45 minutes. When your tired and leaving early the next morning you expect to hear no noise. There is a McDonalds not far from the motel. Your right there by the highway which was a nice plus. Overall, this is a no frills motel that serves basic accomodations. I would not stay here again.	
Nov 15 2009 	Location Location Location	We stayed here one night on a business trip to Nellis AFB. The hotel is practically on the flight line, but most of the noise we heard came from kids running up and down the hall with their parents in hot pursuit screaming at them to &quot;be quiet.&quot; We love La Quintas because they're pet-friendly, the rooms are usually clean and comfortable, and their &quot;Returns&quot; program is terrific. This property rates 3 stars. It would have gotten 4, but when we went down for breakfast the next morning, locusts had apparently gotten there first, leaving only a few slices of bread and a ring around the coffee maker. Other groggy guests were milling about, and nobody on the staff seemed to care, so we packed up and left. This LQ isn't close to the strip, but it's reasonably priced and there's a Walmart next door if you forget your toothbrush. Also, if you bring your dog, there's not really a good place to walk him/her except for some graveled areas around the parking lot. Still, when we go to Vegas on business at Nellis we will probably stay at this LQ again, mainly because of its...Location Location Location.	
Nov 11 2009 	Nice Small Hotel with Luxury Suites	We have stayed in the Klondike rooms before which we clean and adequate. During the week, we got the Arizona Charlie Suite this time with our kids, which has a Master bedroom, entry room, living room (about $135); the bathroom was huge with a huge tile shower (you could sit on the bench &amp; not get wet) and a hug spa tub. The tub jets were missing the controller, but it did not bother us. The 2nd bedroom/bathroom joined the suite (which was about $85/night). Both rooms had a coffee maker and refrigerator. The suite had 3 TVs. The security is nice with room cards to activate the elevator and the security officers on bikes in the parking lots. It is a smokey casino, but most are like that in Vegas. It is not a far walk from the parking to the hotel, which is a great plus. They cleaned our room to make it not smell so smokey, since we requested non-smoking; it was pretty good. The King Bed in our room was very comfortable. It was great to have a separate room for our kids. I just wish it had a better pool that was open more often. It was closed when we went, but they said we could go to their companion hotel, the Stratosphere, to swim. We went to the Stratosphere to swim; the pool was cold, but it felt good since it was a hot day. The staff is nice. I took a look at the mini suites and they looked very nice.	
Oct 25 2009 	What is the connection between Hawaii Las Vegas and California?	After attending a private matter in CA, my family and I decided to spend a weekend in Las Vegas where we stayed at the California Hotel. This hotel is located in Downtown Las Vegas, which is far from the Strip, but next to the Fremont Experience. Downtown Las Vegas is very calm and provide a more nostalgic feeling you get of 20th Century Vegas.The California Hotel has an interesting history with its connection to Hawaii. I always wondered why everyone in Las Vegas knows this hotel as a place where all Hawaiian stayed. My understanding was the original owner Mr. Boyd has a love for Hawaii and started a charter flight for Hawaiian's to visit Las Vegas and stay at the California Hotel.After coming back from a trip to Hawaii in May, coming to the California Hotel in July provided me some of the things I missed about Hawaii, the food. I was so glad to find a restaurant there that served not only Loco Moco, but Spam Musubi. The hotel is next to the Freemont Experience and also has a bridge to connect it to the Main Street Hotel. One thing I love about staying downtown is how loose the slots are and the casinos are not too crowded. Hence, if you want to learn how to play crapse, roulette, and poker, there is alot empty tables you can learn. The room at the California Hotel is very comfortable and clean. However, the hallways are very long so if your room is at the end, it feels like a mile just walking to the room. The casino is nice and actually won big. However, if you want to play crapse with others you will have to go to Main Street where it is more busier. The crapse table in California lack any patrons since most of them were playing the slots or poker.Downtown Las Vegas is close to the main bus depot so you can actually catch the bus to go to the strip. However, I would recommend a cab if you don't have a car. But make sure you let the driver know where you are going since an incident with my family last year ended up with an $80 cab fare.I would reccomend the California Hotel if you want to experience Hawaii cuisine and people. Most of the people at California hotel are guest from chartered flights from Hawaii to Vegas. Downtown Las Vegas offers a more relax environment to gamble and also seem to pay out more with less minimum bet. Good Luck and Bon Voyage!	
Aug 13 2009 	Horrible and Unclean	The air condition did not reach to the bed room ( it filters through a little cut out hole in the wall), it worked very well in the living room. The pull out couch that they mention, did not have a mattress (literally) all that was left was foam and a top covering. The carpet was so badly stained, I did would not walk on it withouot house shoes. When the manager was called (beacuse there is no attendent after 11pm) he stated that well no one else complained and he is 75% full. He gave me another room on my walk to the room, the outside was covered with roaches and crickets. When the pull out bed was pulled out, it had chips on it. I had to kill to two LARGE roaches in the room, there was a dead one in the closet. The coffe pot hadlarge particles covering it. It was a Horrible Stay. During my weekend stay house keeping never came in to clean the room.	
Nov 9 2003	maliBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!	Where do I begin? This was absolutley the worst hotel I ever stayed at in my life! Do not stay here under any conditions. First of all our oven did not work. I called the front desk about it and they said they would send maintenance up. We are still waiting for them to come and fix it and we have already checked out. When I called to find out why it had not been fixed, I was told it was not written in the maitenance log. The outlet in our bathroom didn't work. The remote control did not work The fan in the bathroom was louder than a 1957 Chevy. Our room was NEVER cleaned, towels/sheets never replaced during our entire stay. When I called to tell a manager about the problems, my calls were avoided and never returned. The good news is if you book through hotels.com they will refund some of your money and if you call while you are still there they will place you in a new hotel.  And the other guests are NOT there on business unless you consider prostitution and drug dealing valid businesses. Most of the people there actually LIVE there... I mean like forever. We saw a man and a woman sceaming at eachother when we came back from the Strip at 1:30am... Cursing about who had paid the rent. There were Police there most of the time searching for people. In addition when you check in (if they actually have a room you reserved for you; we saw people w/ reservations get turned away by staff saying they didn't have a room for them) they ask ALL OF YOUR INFORMATION. I mean your name, birthdate, social security number, where you work, and your work phone, your license plate number and make/model for your car. This all supposed to be written on some card which they keep who knows where for who knows who to look at whenever they want. STAY AWAY! If you want a cheap hotel by the strip try the Palace Station.	
Nov 17 2005	Icky	We got married and stayed here as part of our wedding package. We loved the cermony and thought the staff was great, but I would definately not recommend staying in this hotel. Aside from being in an icky part of town, our room was really disappointing. Hard tile on the floors, an uncomfortable bed, and it just felt dirty. Not really the experience you want on your wedding day/honeymoon. I highly recommend the chapel, but suggest you find someplace else to stay.	
Oct 20 2009 	Comfortable clean rooms very reasonable prices helpful staff!	We moved to this La Quinta after a very bad experience at the Riviera Hotel/Casino. The La Quinta was quiet, very comfortable, large room and bathroom. We had a king bed (but not a quite) with a large whirlpool tub. Others in our party had a double-queen room which also had a large whirlpool tub, but I don't know if that is the standard tub in all rooms. The check-in staff was very personable, even though there was a sudden onslaught of check-ins all at one time, with the arrival of the airport shuttle. The airport shuttle is free, leaving every hour; very efficient, taking us right to our airline location at the terminal. The hotel is located two blocks off the Strip, but their shuttle will also take you to several locations on the Strip. We had a great experience and will return here the next time we return to Vegas! It's a great value!	
Oct 26 2009 	2010 Deposit Returned - Operations Suspended	Have received a letter from the motel returning my deposit for April 2010 and saying it has suspended operations due to the economic downturn and lack of business. The Somerset House was a little shabby but it was clean, the staff was helpful and with Convention business to do I found it much more convenient and relaxing than the bigger hotels. I've been staying here annually for five years or more. I do hope it re-opens when the economy improves.	
Nov 7 2009 	Mixed Bag Wish the AC worked.	Rooms have the necessary amenities but were kind of too small. Pillows were too Soft for me. The biggest problem for me was the AC did not work continuously which made my stay quite uncomfortable. On speaking to the front desk, they acknowledged the problem and said they did not have central AC and the room ACs need to be energy efficient as per government regulations. Still I had a difficult time understanding how the ACs would shut off when the room was still hot.Good things here were smoke-free policy, free breakfast and wifi (excellent speed), good service (especially BJ at front desk). Location wise it was OK. There are groceries and starbucks close by, but note that it can take up to 25 minutes to get to the Bellagio area on the strip during evening time. A minor point about the decor, probably I expected too much from other reviews it was just OK and not great (for me).	
	Too far off the Strip for early morning risers.	This was our first stay at the Rio, and we checked in for four nights. The Rio seems intent on getting just a little more money out of you when they can. The very friendly check-in receptionist tried many tricks of the trade to get us to agree to an upgrade: first asking us if a room on an upper floor with a view of the Strip would be o.k., and only later mentioning that it would cost more; engaging us in personal conversation and presenting a document for signature stating that we agreed to an upgrade (even though we had already said, &quot;no&quot;). We had an evening departure flight and they offered a late checkout 4 pm for $40. We declined and were offered a noon checkout time for no additional fees.We were very happy with the &quot;lower floor&quot; room. It was HUGE! While there was no view of the Strip, the view of the mountains and a few lights at night were sufficient. The room was very clean. It was surprisingly quiet at night even though the Rio focuses on entertainment for young adults who are looking for a &quot;good time&quot;. (Think Brazil, Rio de Janeiro and Mardi Gras.)There was no in-room coffee maker. When I called to ask why, I was told that the &quot;lower floors&quot; do not have coffee makers - only the &quot;higher floors&quot;. We arriived at noon on Thanksgiving Day and found only the buffet open. There were no other options except the very pricey champagne buffet dinner since all of the other restaurants in the hotel were closed. Even on days that other restaurants are open, there are few options for cheaper fare. The cafe is only open until noon or 1 pm, depending on the day of the week. Starbucks seems to be the least expensive dining option available. (They don't accept Starbucks gift cards!)The Rio is located quite a distance from the Strip. Unless you want a good hike, have a car or take the Rio's shuttles (which don't start until 10 am) to their sister hotels/casinos on the Strip, you're stuck. There is no easy way to go Downtown without hiring a taxi.If you are looking for &quot;adult-centered&quot; entertainment and bars, the Rio is for you. There are many more reasonable options for gaming, meals, and entertainment on the Strip. We'll stay there next time.	
Aug 29 2009 	Its WORSE Than The Other Reviews Say!!!	After reading ALL the other reviews (after I checked out) I decided they were too leanient! Upon arrival I found open drug-dealing going on in the Nellis-side Parking Lot at 9:00 PM. Then I saw a Couple tweeking from a crack-pipe in the walk-way at the entrance to the 'T' building. Room reeked of something (Disinfectant from the body removal???). Grounds are a mess . . . grass all dead, Pool is padlocked. Half the washers do not work.Next day, pidgeons everywhere . . . accosted by a female tweeker in the parking lot on the way to my car . . . yelling obsenities at me and talking to her 'imaginary friend.Upon checking out (strict no return of advance-paid weekly charge) Manager told me that &quot;Security doesn't come on site until 2:00 PM!DO NOT go here with your children! If you insist on going, take Mace with you . . . or go armed!	
	Off the strip but a nice place	I've been to the Palms on business many times, but this was the first time that I stayed here. I have previously stayed across the street at the Rio or Gold Coast. I guess my travel department got a good rate, so they put me here on this trip.The bed was comfortable, HD tv in the room, bathroom nice. No complaints about the amenities. This hotel is located off the strip, but there is plenty to do, even if you do not want to walk out to the hotels across the street or travel down to the strip. There are several trendy clubs here (including the Playboy club). Clubbing is not my scene, and paying $20 for a Ketel One is outrageous, but hey, you are in Vegas! There is a fantastic view from the clubs, as they are located at the top of the hotel, so that's worth it.The restaurants are all OK... I like the the Mexican one, the cafe has slow service, but the food's OK. The best value here is the buffet. It's smaller than some of the strip hotel buffet's but there's enough of a selection of tasty food to satisfy anyone.There's also a food court and a frozen yogurt stand (similar to Pinkberry in NYC; you serve yourself however much you want, put on whatever toppings you want, and pay per ounce.) There's also a movie theatre in the hotel, so if you have had enough of the tables and shows, you can catch a flick. I think the Palms caters to a younger crowd than some of the other strip hotels I have been to.I haven't stayed here previously because the room rate was higher than comparable hotels, and my travel department would not pay the difference. However, if you can get into the Palms at a good rate, it is definitely worth it. With all the Vegas hotels vying for your business now, there are good buys to be had. The Palms is not worth paying a premium for, as if it was the creme de la creme like Wynn or Bellagio, but at the the right price, it's a great deal.	
	Old hotel remodeled rooms	Travelers: two 30 something adults, no kids, high-middle class income, meeting parents over Turkey Day weekend. Not big drinkers, avid gamblers and Vegas regulars (kind of goes hand in hand), foodies and we can take or leave going to a show. Seen all the sites so we primarily come to gamble. Low rollers $10-$25 a hand, depending on what we play. Hotel preferences: Rarely in hotel room, only used for shower and sleeping. Our only requirement is a comfortable bed and clean bathroom. Anything else is a bonus.Hotel Room: Monaco Tower, 4927, king bed. Bed was comfortable and pillows had some support. It won't remind you of home but a solid nights sleep is easily achievable. Room I'd guess is 300 sq ft. Dark brown decor and white sheets. Flat screen tv, 26-32 inches, somewhere around that size. Three dresser drawer, two night stands, desk and an arm chair with foot rest. Safe (I think you have to pay for it) in night stand. View of the the Hilton and parking deck behind the hotel. Con: walls seemed to be thin or one of our neighbors was deaf. Wed night we could hear one of our neighbors Tv's like it was in our room. Only happened one night though, so maybe they just had the volume maxed. The Monaco Towers are the most recently renovated towers but they are the furthest away from the casino as well. They are located in the back past the pool by the parking deck. Elevators: never waited more than 1 min for an elevator. It wasn't really busy though. They're elevators were quick, so I do not think there is a long wait even during peak season.Bathroom: clean shower and toilet, about 30-40 sq ft. Bath and body works lotion, conditioner, shampoo and soap. One sink and a blow dryer. House keeping: Room cleaned and towels and toiletries replenished daily. House keeping checked my room key in the door when I came by one day while they were cleaning my room. I know they should anyway, but I like that they were checking. Casino: Old and smokey. Pretty slow. $5 tables most of the time. $10 on Thanksgiving and on Fri/Sat night. Dealers displayed more personality across the street at slots-o-fun and circus circus. Ask for Prez, it will be worth loosing your money to listen to him for a couple of hours. If they say he's dead, check back, since they always think he's dead (unless he really is this time, he's pretty old). Parking: Parents had a rental car. Plenty of parking. Highest we had to go was the third level to find a spot. If you have a car the Monaco Towers are very close to the deck, like across the rear hotel drop off area.Restaurant: Kady's, ate here twice. Meals run around $8 for sandwiches and $15 for entrees. Food was decent but not great. It will get you by, but I wouldn't really recommend it. On par with with an I-Hop, but with diner food.If you have a car I highly recommend Ellis Island off Koval st. Best deal near the strip for quality and price.	
	lovely off-strip hotel and casino with the best dining	The last two trips, I enjoyed Ping Pang Pong (the dim sum restaurant in Gold Coast) enough to want to give it a try as a place to stay. The prices of the rooms (particularly if you have a club card, which gives you a small discount) were quite good, we chose to go with the &quot;premium king&quot; room for less than $100 for three nights. The room was clean, modern, and had a nice pan-Asian styling. We really liked the porcelain tiles used throughout the shower and sink areas. The view not the best, but reasonable for the price. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful, and the parking convenient and close to the lobby.The breakfast buffet is a great deal and has a nice variety, the casino floor and staff were outgoing and helpful as well. The casino is more &quot;old-school&quot;--quiet, simple layout (never got lost here!) and no fancy themes or mostly-naked pole dancers over the blackjack tables. Ventilation was quite good, we don't smoke and were not really bothered much by smokers in the casino. We found it refreshing and not over-the-top, particularly after a day or evening of wandering through hotels on the strip where the sensory overload can really wear you out. I even enjoyed a round of bingo and bowling, both in the casino and both very nicely attired.	
Oct 2 2009 	not bad at all	I read a lot of reviews before I went and thought it would be a aweful night staying there, but in fact, it's great. Of course, you can't compare with those 4 or 5 stars hotels in Vegas, but $30 per night in August including tax is a great deal. Staffs were nice, lobby was clean, the room we stayed was a little bit old and dark though. However, it's right next to a outlet. With such cheap price, i will definitely visit again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great bargain	The room was nice an clean and right on the money. On the end of the strip, but still a good place to start your sightseeing.	
	Leaving Las Vegas. Better options down town.	If my wife leaves me, I found the hotel that I will stay at to renact the movie &quot;Leaving Las Vegas&quot;. This used to be one of my favorite places downtown, but in the 4 years since I have been here last it has gone downhill. It seems like the owners are contemplating selliing the land or tearing it down, because they have stripped alot of the unique features of the place away. I noticed the same thing at it's sister property, The Plaza. The rooms were dirt cheap, but they are all cheap downtown. I have stayed at all of the downtown properties(freemont street) over the years, this was the worst. The rooms are dated and dirty. The back area of this casino as been converted into a makeshift R&amp;B Club. No sports book anymore or semi-famous restaraunt on the second floor. They have an asian themed restaurant and a coffee bar, that's it. There are better choices on fremont street. As for Fremont street itself, the free entertainment offered during this stay was the best that I have seen down here.	
	Great place great people and i stayed for a year	This was a great place to stay.A unfortunate situation happen to me in Jan of 2008 and i was forced to find a place to stay with my 5 year old,I never planned on staying for a year but i made that decision because this was truely a awsome place i never felt affraid to be a woman by myself with a 5 year old everyone went out of there way to help me if i ever had a issue with my room they were there with in 15 min. Bee,Tracy and Kim were the best!!!! Im a VERY picky person and expect only the best when im paying!!! I made great friends there both workers and guest that i still speak to till this day.Please listen to me i think i should know this place very well since i stayed for a year the only reason i left is my condo was finally done!!!	
	Excellent value friendly staff great breakfast!	Stayed one night, visiting relatives. Great and stylish room. Good to know you can pay less, and still have a stylish/updated room to stay in. Stayed last year when the hotel just opened, was so impressed, stayed again this year. Great breakfast included!	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent service clean hospitable	I stayed at this hotel - which is about 20 minutes from downtown Las Vegas. I had a medical procedure and the doctor's office recommended this hotel. I was very impressed. The staff bent over backwards to address every need I had. The manager took me to and from the procedure; one of them also did the same for my follow-up the very next day.The hotel had everything I needed and nothing that I didn't need. It was quiet and peaceful. They have a free breakfast buffet everyday - scrambled eggs; bacon/ sausage; a hot waffle iron to make your own fresh waffles; fruit; yogurt, coffee. You get the idea.The cost was totally inexpensive. I stayed for 4 days and have no complaints.	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent hotel and value	I stayed here while on a business trip to Las Vegas. The location was ideal for me based on where I needed to be, and I wanted to avoid the hassle/expense of the big resorts and casinos. The service here was fantastic, very helpful and friendly staff, complementary cold water and WiFi Internet, cookies in the evenings, and managers receptions as well. Breakfast is included. It wasn't as nice as the Homewood Suites I've stayed in the past, but it was still ok. Your basic continental buffet plus eggs and one other hot dish. It seems that they don't have an actual kitchen though, so it appeared they only served what they could microwave (no bacon for example). They also had &quot;breakfast to go&quot; bags consisting of water, cereal bars, fruit and a muffin.The rooms were perfect, comfy beds and newly installed flat screen TVs. A laptop cushion for working in bed was a nice touch. Bathrooms were basic but fine for my needs. The room had a refrigerator and microwave as well.The only real complaint was the fitness center, it consisted of 2 treadmills, a stair master and a recumbent bike. They did have free passes to the gold's gym about a mile down the road.Overall though this was a nearly perfect hotel for the business traveler or even for families on a budget looking to avoid the big casino hotel atmosphere.	
	Nice to be away from the crowds and gambling	FS was having quite a few specials for their most basic room so we decided to try something different on this trip to Vegas. Got a rate of about $330 a night including tax. FS is by far my new favorite in Vegas until the Mandarin opens and I check that out. If you are looking for a place that is away from the gambling sounds and crowds, then this is the perfect place. For a basic room, our room was spacious and had quite a large bathroom. Bed was extra comfy and we had a view of the Mandalay pool area. The FS pool area was exceptional. Pool staff walked around giving out fresh fruit, lemonade, and doing sunglass cleaning and evian spritz. Had a great lunch poolside, highly recommend the grilled cheese sandwhich with tomatoe soup. The only odd thing was that the pool did not have a drink menu, the waitress just said, ask me what you want and I'll see if we can make it. It would be nice if they had some special drinks or at least listed some basics in a drink menu. Brunch in the restaurant was not bad at $35 pp, especially if you are hungover from the night before and just want something close by. Spa and gym facilities were excellent as well. There are attendants in the gym handing out towels, water, and gatorade. Hotel guests can use the steam room in the spa even if they are not having spa treatments. Service all around was the usual FS polished treatment that guests are used to no matter what FS they stay at. The only negative I think of is that it is at the end of the strip, attached to mandalay bay so it is kind of a hike to get to the middle of the strip for shows and dinner. This didn't bother us as we wanted to stay a little further away, but it might be an issue for others.	
	Loved the GO Room	My husband &amp; I stayed here for four nights &amp; we had a great time. We didn't experience the same issues as other guests... Our room was cleaned daily, we were never disturbed by housekeeping, food in all the restaurants was very good, &amp; our room was well maintained.Bottom Line it's a good hotel for a reasonable price. If you want accommodations similar to the venetian the by all means stay at the venetian &amp; don't forget to pay the hefty nightly rate!	
	Maybe I expected too much	Let me just say that the hotel wasn't really that bad but just thought I was going to get a little more. The rooms are a good size. But to me the rooms really weren't all that updated or clean for that matter (at least ours wasn't). We did have family in two other rooms in the hotel and their rooms were much better and updated compared to ours. While our room was a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room, we found a cigarette butt on the floor by the living area and I left it to see if the cleaning person would ever pick it up. Unfortunately, the answer is &quot;NO&quot;. There were many maintenance issues in the room that should be addressed that they obviously overlook. The one I thought was probably most important was that the metal on the handle of the tub faucet was extremely hot even before I turned the water on. And when cold water should be coming out, it was scalding water. Hotel personnel were always personable so no complaints there. Even with the fact that we were traveling with teens (and boys at that) there was an overabundance of teens throughout the hotel, especially the casino and behaving in a way I hope my son never does. I'm not a hotel snob but I guess I like a little better than this.	
Nov 11 2009 	Wonderful stay great location good size clean room friendly staff	I highly recommend the Gold Spike. We got a great deal at $9 a night during the week and $17 for weekend because of renovation, which was not a problem. We stayed 8 nights and had a fabulous time. The hotel is clean, the room was a good size and the staff friendly and helpful. Just $4.99 for a 12 oz steak at the Gold Spike restaurant was a good dead. Location is great - just one block to the Deuce bus which runs 24 hrs and takes you to the strip, and just one block from fun Freemont Street. We were in Vegas for our daughter's wedding (they got married by Elvis at the Graceland Chapel). They chose to stay at the Flamingo on the Strip. We loved being downtown because it was less hectic. They enjoyed a stay at the Gold Spike on the last night because they were sick of the Strip.	
	Nice alternative to the strip.	When planning our anniversary trip, I wanted to find a place away from the craziness of the strip. The Red Rock Hotel is a perfect alternative. We aren't gamblers so the change of pace was very welcome. It's not as flashy and noisy as the typical strip hotel. They also have plenty to do on site like a movie theater and bowling. It's within 20 minutes of the Red Rock Canyon park and about 25 minutes from the strip.Unfortunately, it was too cool to enjoy the pool but we did check it out and it also was very nice. The workout room is a little on the small side but has everything you need to get in a decent workout.We have family that live in Vegas and we typically try to visit every couple of years so we'll definitely be going back to the Red Rock.	
Nov 24 2009 	Well-worn but a good value	I found this motel via the Barcelona Hotel and Casino web site, not Siegel Suites, though it appears that Siegel Suites (which owns another property nearby) is the owner. It's a good buy for $29 with a coupon for a free breakfast in the associated small (neighborhood scale) casino. The exterior of the motel has seen better days, the furniture was worn, the door was scarred, and the carpet had some stains, but the room was clean and very large (a coffee table, lounge chair, small refrigerator.) The motel appears to rent weekly and monthly as well as nightly (e.g. to people employed in the casino/service industry.) Casino security patrols the motel as well, and was friendly. The neighborhood is a mix of commercial and industrial, working-class rather than tourist-oriented. However, I felt safe walking to the Wal-Mart a couple of blocks away, and there are national-brand chain motels within a couple of blocks, so it's not a bad neighborhood. The Chinese restaurant in the strip mall next door had excellent takeout food.	
Oct 5 2009 	THE BEST OF THE BEST!!!!!	Hi, I had my friend stay there and he came back sadden because he missed it so much and was even willing to give up his home and family to go back. he cried the last day because he had to leave it. it was like total paradise to him , telling me the rooms are like the finest suites of the WYNN and the RIO. the service was excellent and the staff showered him with fresh friuts and hot breakfast in the morning with over 48 different vairities of food including fresh mango and papaya from overseeas. He paid only17 dollars the first night and 14 dollars the next three nights. when I saw him coming back home , he broke into great sadness with endless tears running down his face. I can tell you now that i would even recommend this place to Bill Gates and the kings and queens of Europe because this is a truly 6 star motel. Take care.	
	broken elevators were the least of our concerns	We booked the Fitz because it was close to the Fremont Experience and had a breakfast deal. However, we had no idea what a mess the place was. Thankfully we have a VW beetle, otherwise, I'm not sure we would have fit in the covered parking. The turns were really tight! We finally found a spot on the 8th floor, only to discover that the elevators were broken and we had to trudge all of our stuff down all those stairs. The reception staff was less than apologetic. They never even said sorry. We booked a non-smoking room, but when we arrived, they only had smoking left. Again, no apologies. Once we were in the room, our first impression was better than the second. The music from Fremont street was so loud in the room! And that continued until midnight. But our second impression was much worse than that. A trip to the bathroom led to horror! The sink was full of vomit!!!! We immediately called housekeeping and then started calling around for another room in a different hotel, but it was too late by that time. We were stuck in the Fitz! An hour of terrible sounds later, the vomit was gone and we were left to sleep in the very uncomfortable beds. The next morning, it took almost 45 minutes waiting in line to get our &quot;free breakfast&quot; which cost $12 for drinks and tip. Also the pool, which is a postage stamp on the corner next to traffic, was FREEZING!! Never again!!	
Nov 11 2009 	Better off Sleeping in your Car!	This is the most disgusting hotel I have ever been in! Me, My Husband , 2 other family members and their dog just kind of ended up here. After arriving in Las Vegas we were having a very hard time finding a place that accepted dogs so we ended up here. This place was awful! The bathroom was dirty and falling apart and the beds/bedding were extremely cheap. On top of the room being disgusting the place was scary! People were arguing, making tons of noise and shady things were happening in the hallways. The parking lot felt completely dangerous as well. I just can't stress enough just how nasty this place was, everything about it was awful! We ended up checking out and they would not refund our money, they gave us a very small amount back which I believe was for the dogs fee for the night but we still left. Couldn't spend a night in this place!	
Nov 9 2009 	Vegas's Hidden Treasure	GREAT PLACE TO STAY! Las Vegas hidden treasure! The staff at the Aruba was incredibly accommodating and helpful. The manager Raj was so friendly and welcoming. The setting at the Aruba is perfect for a romantic getaway. Just hop, skip, and a jump off the main strip, the Arubas location cant be beat. Great prices, clean rooms, romantic atmosphere, and top of the line spa treatments are just a few of the delights the Aruba has to offer. No need to venture to the main strip when you have the Thunderbird lounge in the hotel lobby. The drinks in the Thunderbird lounge were generous portioned and reasonably priced. A great group of locals hang out in the Thunderbird lounge, complete with local talent for entertainment. In the room, beds were comfy and the room was cozy. Beautiful sights and friendly faces welcome you at the Aruba. Dont miss Vegas best kept secret!	
	Good for money I paid	Can't complain for price USD 42,- per night for two beds. Clean, friendly, great location near the STRIP....Viva Las Vegas...	
	Best Place to Stay on the Strip	Where else to celebrate a 21st b-day other than Las Vegas. Trying to decide on a hotel was hard with so many to choose from, but i am very glad this is the one i picked. We had a lake view room which was beautiful to watch the fountains and view the strip and mountains in the background. The room was fully equipped with everything you could need and want. The hotel had wonderful scenery and lots of detail. The spa was one of the best and the hotel offered many amentities. after touring the other hotels i recommend this hotel because it was beautiful and relaxing and i didn't feel like i was in a mall like the other hotels made me feel. The casino was nice but the food was a little pricey and we were never that hungry only complaint we wanted a place for a quick bite to eat but a variety of something to choose from, but everything is expensive on the strip.	
Sep 5 2009	We had a great stay!	We were in the area for a National girls fastpitch tournament. The hotel was close to the fields and the price was right! There are movie theaters, a bowling alley and a food court located at the hotel. The pool isn't very big.	
	We were disappointed.....	Tried to check in around noon with two rooms close to one another. Seems they had a problem finding two rooms close in a hotel with 1800 rooms. We were told to come back at 3pm and they would give us our key/card. That was fine, no hurry. Coming back to do the final check in the clerk was rude and wasn't friendly at all. We were given access/cards to rooms across the hall from each other, and were anticipating the newly upgraded rooms that they are boasting about, and were promised,but these rooms were the same ones we had stayed at years ago. The only new thing was the flat screen tv with a lousy picture.  The bathroom was so small that if one person was on the toilet, there was actually no room for another person in the room. The door would knock you off the toilet if you closed it too. Our friends took a shower and found a huge hole in their towel when they went to dry off with it......WTF? Our bathroom had sewer fumes rising from the sink...eww. Maybe they should invest in some drain cleaners?  The mattress shook so much when you layed on it, I thought my husband had put a quarter in....it was bad.  The casino was nice, and the lay out was good. Got comps to the Sunday Buffet and were so thankful that we didn't have to pay,as it was hands down the worst buffet I have ever seen...and I note seen, as after taking samples of this and that, we didn't eat much. The orange juice/champagne (mimosa) was awful with bitter juice, which we all spit out. How do they keep this place open? Years ago, there was always a line at the buffet at the Nugget, and this time it was desolate.  Also ate at their in house restaurant, the Italian one, and I can't remember its name...that should tell how impressed I was. They had a good micro-beer.  Would I stay here again? I don't think so....The location is good, if you want to jump from casino to casino...but thats all there is.	
	Not a bad place to stay	If you book the hotel in advance i would say you will get a better room.We reached Las Vegas at 2 am in the morning and got room in this hotel.The room was not appreciable,ac duct was making lots of noice.We also booked a room in the same hotel in advance for the next day which was pretty decent one.Reasonable price,served my purpose.	
Oct 5 2009 	good value does what it says on the tin	was a bit worried having read reviews after booking glad i didnt see them rooms are a bit small but comfortable &amp; clean, staff helpful, 24 hr security on site restaraunt really good ,all together you get good value for your moneyalso really close will definitely call again only problem very little storage spacether were 6 in our party sharing 3 rooms we all agreed its good value	
	Hidden Secret	This was my 3rd visit to Hooters.The staff is freindly and helpful, beds and pillows are comfortable. They have cable television and complimentary bottles of water in the rooms. Dan Marinos has the 9.95 prime rib 24 hrs and the Hooters hot wings are great. The price is right .	
	Nice Hotel shame about the unfriendly/unhelpful staff	The rooms are very nice and we couldnt fault the room service/bellboy staff. However the Reception and hotel spa staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. We planned to get married in Las Vegas, so on the day of the wedding, I asked the Spa to do my make-up only to be told they dont do bridal make-up in the hotel? I decided to go and book a hair salon appointment anyway (the Salon staff were very friendly and professional) and staff asked if I wanted my make-up done aswell. Why did the spa staff tell me they didnt do it? As we were getting married, at least five messages were left at the hotel for us, we never recieved any, reception told us they were not there to pass on messages! My best friend tried to buy a bottle of champayne for us to go to our room, again she was met with the same unhelpful attitude saying to her ' we dont' do that'!On check-out we asked for the use of a day room, the receptionist told us that no hotel offers that service and we could pay $30 each for a day pass to the spa. this we refused to do as we had paid quite enough in room rates.This is the first hotel I have come across that does not allow you the use of a day room.	
	Perfect Strip location	You cannot beat this hotel for the price and location. On the Strip, on the corner across from Caesar and Bally's and caddie corner from the fountians of Bellagio. We watched the fountians from our room for about $60 a night. This hotel use to be the Barbary Coast. It is about 4 stories tall and one of the oldest on the strip. The rooms have been updated since Harrah's took over in 2007, but it still has that antique feel. The casino is small, three tables located at the front door is their &quot;poker room&quot;. Waitresses came by constantly with free drinks in the casino, even at the cheap machines. We prefer larger casinos but had some luck at their casino, It may not be a great casino, but it has a great location and is a great place to stay. The breakfast is good too.	
	Would Stay Here Again	We stayed for a week in jun of 2006 had an ajoining room~ got there and the small rooms a.c. didnt work. They offered us 2 rooms that were not connected but because we had children we had to have a connecting room, so they attempted to repair the a.c. They did get it to work, but gave us a complimentary week that we used in june of 2007 to stay free. The staff was great! The accomidations are not the most updated but they were clean and comfortable. We were pleased both times we stayed there. We are planning a 3rd trip to vegas and will try to stay there again. great location for being off the strip but easy to get to everywhere from here. Pleased with the pool and friendly service as well.	
	There are Better Affordable Hotels on the Strip	There is basically no reason to stay at the Las Vegas Hilton when you could enjoy one of the other fantastic options around town. First of all, the hotel is reminiscent of the 1970's, both in decor, patronage, and amenities. Case in point - both Barry Manilow and ABBA have had shows at the Hilton each time I have visited the spot. The rooms have been broken in, with outdated decor, older televisions, dirty tapestries, and more. The crowd is cheesy and older...Be prepared to see some interesting characters in wacky clothing. Lastly, the hotel is located off of the Strip and basically out of the way from all of the action.This is not your typical, upscale Hilton, but a budget Vegas hotel hiding behind a positive brand name. If you are looking for more affordable options, I would suggest checking into the Flamingo, Tropicana, Bally's, or something actually on the Strip. You might have a similar &quot;cheese-factor&quot; (as I like to call it), but at least you will enjoy a nice pool and a better location.	
	luxury	stayed here a couple of months after it opened. beautiful suite with a great layout. I loved everything from the incredible bathroom, comfortable bed and remote control shades and curtains. Casino at the connected venetian was more lively and fun. Phantom was incredible.	
Jan 6 2009 	Will Return My Next Trip	Made it a point this trip to visit North Vegas with some friends and found Jerry's Nugget to be a great place. I had a bowl of New England Clam Chowder in the diner and it was very, very good. Waitress was very friendly and pleasant. Loved the casino especially the nickel VP which I just recently started playing. I really liked the vibe of Jerry's and will return again and again.	
Oct 29 2009 	very good value for money; good location; clean rooms/ very bad breakfast	i have stayed in this hotel for 3 nights, the reception staff were very friendly and helpful.they offered us a bigger room for the same price...The rooms where clean and in correct order. If there is one thing i really dislike it was the breakfast, dont even go and try it.. the worst coffe ever and the pastries were almost frozen. no juices, no cereals etc.i was not expecting the hilton`s breakfast but a bit more of care would have been nice .	
	Loved Vegas	I liked our hotel they had finished renovating part of the hotel and upgraded our room for $20 since it was down season. I liked the hotel but found it really far down the strip from the shopping area but I would stay there again. It was clean and the staff was nice!!!	
	Loved the Signature Towers at MGM Grand	Got a great deal through their website with a promo code over the Thanksgiving holiday. This hotel is all-suite, huge rooms/bathrooms, quiet, smoke free and the staff is top notch. Great service from the Concierge (Ozzy) and the front desk check-in was a breeze. Never saw housekeeping in the halls, but room was made up every day while we were out (electronic system to let them know you want housekeeping). Stayed in Tower 1 -- closest to MGM Casino, but just enough distance to feel like you are out of the frenzy (and second-hand smoke!). Walking escalator &quot;people movers&quot; provided high heel wearers respite from walking to the casino. Use the monorail at MGM Grand to travel up the strip -- very convenient. Tickets can be purchased right at the monorail &quot;station&quot;... we didn't have to though -- a nice man gave us his tickets as they were leaving the next day so we used there tickets for 2 days :0 FREE WI-FI!!!!! We will definitely stay there again.	
	Great Casino!	It's got some of the cheapest tables on the strip - with $5 minimum bets on let it ride and roulette and other card games. Very useful for those new to casinos and those who dont want to lose all their money too quickly!	
	Quiet alternative to the hustle 	We stayed in a 2 bedroom unit which was clean and comfortable. Beds were comfortable and the staff was very nice. The fact that it is a nonsmoking property wasvery attractive to us since it's hard to escape the smokers in the actual casino.The property is close enough to walk to MGM although we had a car, we walked mostdays to the strip.	
	MGM Grand Hotel 	Beautiful rooms, great views, close to so much other fun, including a much needed Walgreens &amp; CVS Pharmacy. Nathans has awesome &quot;faster&quot; food. Pools are gorgeous. Television City is fun. Casino crowd is cool. Only negative is no free amenities; mini-fridge, coffee pot, essential to families. Otherwise it was fantastic!	
Sep 21 2009 	Pretty Pretty Good!	Having stayed at the 'other' Embassy Suites 2 years ago, I decided to stay at this one based on the pool as my family was coming on this business trip. My kids loved the pool, and I did find the staff at checkin, throughout the stay, and at departure to be more than accomodating. Although always a request, the van driver was our own persoanl limousine driver. Of course, i would tip the driver as much as a cab cost, but there was no wait and he picked up right on schedule at the convention center. As stated, this is always a request and not a guarantee of service.The suite were standard compared to other Embassy Suites. Cooked-to-order breakfast service was surprisingly fast (fastest at Lake Buena Vista, FL Embassy Suites), but the back area seemed a little shallow compared to other ES. Dink service depended upon the night - long waits on Fri and Sat, and faster service on other nights.Downside is this hotel is a long walk off the strip, but less than the other ES in Vegas. One side of the hotel does have planes passing, but this did not bother my family (it may for others).Whenever I go back to Vegas	
Nov 4 2009 	Best Value In Vegas	I travel to Vegas 2 to 3 times per year,and have for over 10 years. This motel 6,on East Tropicana &amp; Koval Lane is the best budget stay in town. The rooms have all been remodeled,they are clean and functional. The swimming pool is large and well maintained. security is excellent and it is only a short 5 minute walk to the strip. SWi Fi is $3 per day and trouble free. room prices are great,especially if you book it on the net. Based on price,location,and quality you can't go wrong here.	
Oct 12 2009 	WORST HOTEL EVER!!	In my 40 years of life, I've never encountered such an establishment that was so non-service in a service industry! Rooms were bare minimum &amp; their &quot;Jewel of The Suite Life&quot;, should be removed from their site! Bugs in bed, security does every thing including housekeeping after 6pm. Should be shut down by OSHA!	
	Great service 	Stayed at the relatively new Eastside Cannery hotel. Location, Boulder strip, might be a little away from the Strip, but it is only a 10-15 minute drive to get there or to LAS airport. However, there are enough other casinos in the surrounding area, eg. Sam's Town &amp; Arizona Charlies (and do not forget the convenience of a Wallmart store just across the road). But why go there as this Cannery property has a big selection of different slots and modern rooms with pretty good beds. My standard room was huge and with enough facilities. Liked in particular the minifridge which was totally empty, so I could fill it with bottles of water and sodas. Also the $ 29.95 per night rate was a great bargain. Even the old places like Sahara, Riviera and Stratosphere were asking more during the nights I was there. Another big plus is that you can park your car easily in front of the hotel and it is just a short walk to reach the elevators to go upstairs to your room. Now compare that with the big casinos on the Strip like MGM, PH, Paris, where you need to pass the (huge) shopping malls first. There should be more of these hotels in Vegas! After checking out and driving almost halfway LA, I found out that I had forgotten to take a bag with newly bought clothes out of the room with me . I phoned the hotel, explained the situation and after a little search they offered me to ship the bag to my home address, which is in Amsterdam (The Netherlands). And the best part, completely free of charge! Well done Eastside Cannery for this fantastic service! I will surely return to your hotel next year.	
	third tier at best	No character hotel. No luxury. Very uncomfortable beds / pillows. Couldn't sleep there. No room amenities, not even a mini-bar. Was cheap but you get what you pay for . . .	
Nov 24 2009 	nice hotel just one block to fremont street experience	Room was very clean. King size bed had a light down comforter with a bright white sheet(bedspread) covering it. As new occupents of the room move in the cover sheet (bedspread) is also changed. I have been in a few luxury hotel rooms with beautiful thick, fluffy bedclothes making me wonder &quot;when was the last time this stuff was laundered and changed&quot; Here at Main Street Casino you can rest assured that you are not sleeping under someone elses dust and dirt. Bathrooms were also spotless, however they are on the small side with tub/shower close to the toilet. Adequate sink ares is outside the bathroom. If your room faces the interstate you will hear some traffic noise. Casino clean, food (great buffet) and microbrew great. Employees friendly and helpful. One block walk to the Plaza which is at the beginning of the Fremont Street Experence.	
	Identity theft	I just had my wedding at the wedding bells chapel there in Alexis Park. Afterwards we went to the bar there in the hotel for drinks and 3 of my guest had their identity stolen. No one from the hotel will pick up my phone calls nor call me back. This place is horrible watch you bank statements people	
Oct 28 2009	Great stay - Great Staff	Let me start by saying, two things. One, I have worked in hotels for 18 years and know a thing or two about them. Two, if you're traveling with a dog, this is one of the best I've been in...for the price! Yes, they ask for a cleaning deposit and if you are only staying one night, it it a bit high but if you choose this hotel for a getaway or long term stay, you won't be dissapointed. First off, it's a fairly new hotel and it is non-smoking! The rooms are super clean and spacious. They have a fully equipped kitchen and they also have a really nice comp breakfast. Traveling with a 14 year old dog, we had a lot of requests and the staff (Desse, David and Brooke) couldn't have been more accomadating. My belief is that it starts at the top and their manager Terra was terrific. We stayed for 17 days and could'nt be happier. They also offer a free shuttle to the MGM and Mandalay Bay...a nice touch. Pool and spa are really nice...gym a bit small but doable. Now, depending on why you are in Vegas and with who, will determine where you stay. We could have stayed at any of the really nice hotels on the strip for less money but few of them take pets and the ones that do are a fortune. If you don't like the strip but want to be close...if you're traveling with pets....if you like the extra room....THIS IS THE PLACE!	
Nov 15 2009 	Perfect place to visit Red Rock Canyon	The hotel is new and well maintained, the stuff friendly. Rooms are clean and spacious, breakfast was as you can expect a complimentary continental breakfast. This is the perfect place to stay if you want to visit Red Rock, Valley of Fire, or Lake Mead. You need a car to go to the strip. The hotel is quiet, and has no gambling. There are many shoppings mall nearby, and a few restaurants. You can escape LV avoiding the heavy downtown traffic.	
Mar 22 2005 	Great Value for money	We've just returned from Vegas and stumbled across the Aztec following a reccommendation from reservations at the Stratosphere. We just happened to pick the busiest week in the Vegas calendar and all the hotels apart from the Aztec were full. All I can say is it's great value for money. The food in the restaurant is cooked fresh to order and has the 'home cooked' taste as opposed to the plastic meals served up in other places. The bar is packed full of characters and with happy hours prices of 75c for a Bud what more do you want. We were in Vegas for 8 days and split our time here and the Stratosphere when they had availability. The rooms are adequate with no frills and great value at $59	
	Wonderful Thanksgiving Stay	We spent our Thanksgiving week at Summer Bay Resort Las Vegas and had a wonderful time. We exchanged for the week through Trading Places International. Check-In on Sunday was a breeze and we were very pleased with our one-bedroom first-floor condo. The accomodations were newly renovated and decorated and quite comfortable. King-size bed, two wall mounted plasma TV's, huge tub and shower, and all of the appliances and utensils one could need. The location to the Strip was convenient for everything from early morning runs along the strip, to nightly strolls. We did have our own transportation for the week, but noticed non-stop shuttles from the resort for those without their own transportation. The pool and hot tub jacuzzi were right outside our door and were clean, practically vacant every time we used them, and very enjoyable. All of the employees that we encountered were very pleasant and helpful. The only negative experience that I can even comment on was that the wireless internet became unavailable at mid-week, and was out the rest of the week. The construction issues were minimal and not disruptive in the least way. If you are looking for a quiet and comfortable place to stay, and still within easy access to the Strip, Summer Bay Resort would be high on my list of places to consider.	
Sep 24 2009 	Motel 6 - Please Don't do it!!!	I just returned from a trip to Vegas and thought I'd get one nights accomodation for a decent price. The price was decent, but it was, without question the worst decsion I have made regarding a motel. Dirty, filthy and a VERY sketchy area. DON'T DO IT!	
Nov 13 2009 	Fairly good but some improvements could be made.	I read the other reviews before staying at this hotel, and it appears most of them are true. The staff is great, the hotel is in reasonably good condition and the beds are reasonably comfortable. The king room I was in, was small. The suite was roomy.You can hear the planes, but to me it wasn't a big deal.You can REALLY hear people walking around on the floor above. I don't know if they have paper floors or what.If the person beside you is noisy, you can hear them too. The fellow beside me decided to have a loud conversation before 7 in the morning and then decided to whistle a tune at 7 am. I could hear this from the part of the suite that was not the bed, which was better than it could have been. Fortunately, he checked out.Maids - reasonably good, but they forget things, so you wonder what else they are forgetting. They should not &quot;forget&quot; about the ice bucket 50% of the time, the coffee machine 20% of the time, the soap 12% of the time.Breakfast - at least one of the cooks is not very good. The other ones seem to be fine, so you &quot;may&quot; get a substandard omelette.Courtyard Cafe - better priced than most. Actually a lot better priced than most.Laundry - there is only one washer and one dryer. One wonders why there is only one of each.Shuttle - fairly good, but expect to still pay for cabs quite a bit.Internet - usable, free, but fairly slow. Fine for surfing, skype didn't work very well. They reset it at 9 am, so if you're working or on an onlilne meeting, don't be surprised if you have to reset. You'd think that they would have it reset at check out time, would make more sense.TV - old style, but lots of channels. No fancy stuff.In Room Safe: Nice to have, but $3 a day. Used to having them for free, but I guess it is better than the per use charge you get at some hotels.Pool area: If there are noisy boisterous people there (and there will be), and you are overlooking the pool, you'll likely hear every word.Electrical outlets - they have lots of them. Most of them are 20 amp.Cell coverage - good in the hotel from what I can see.Air conditioning - it wasn't hot out, but they seem to be good units.Overall, I recommend this hotel, but I'm surprised at some of the things that could be easily improved.	
Apr 29 2009 	Surprised at all of the bad reviews.	This place isn't for everybody, but my Husband and I found it to be a comfortable stay for well over a week. It's not right on the Strip, and it's not the lap of luxury, but it's a great place to see the real Vegas -- without being just a tourist. It also feels much more like your own apartment than a hotel, and we personally liked that. It's not a dump; it's just basic.There are not many places in Vegas in this price range, and certainly not any with a kitchen. We love to cook, or at least having the option of heating up some leftovers, so it was great to have a stove/oven/fridge/kitchen sink.The location was almost ideal. We were able to walk to the Orleans (very short walk), which features a free shuttle to the Gold Coast area (you can then walk to the Palms across the street), and another to Bill's Gambling Hall (which is right on the Strip, right across from Caesar's), so you're not trapped off-Strip. It's removed enough from all of the glitz and glam that you can relax, but still have the option of going out.It's also only a few blocks from a grocery store, CVS, and a few other establishments -- not really walking distance, but quite close of a drive.Yes, there are probably hookers living within the complex, and a drug dealer or two, but this is Vegas, what do you expect? These people need to live, just like anyone else. No one gave us any trouble, and most of our neighbors were elderly couples/individuals who actually lived there. The office runs everyone's SS# who is in there -- I'm guessing, as a way to keep felons and any other offenders away. We were out at all times of day and night, and never saw anything too shady going on.Outside our room(K2135 or 2165...whichever was second from the left)'s balcony/walkway area, there was a blooming cherry tree, and it overlooked the pool, and a large rock/fountain-ish garden. It wasn't Caesars or anything, but it was still pretty. Again, it felt more like an apartment complex -- which is fine by me.The place was quite clean, the floor was steam-cleaned before we arrived, and the bathroom/kitchen area showed no grime. The mattress and pillows were comfortable; no trouble there. The A/C worked fine, though in March we did not need it much. There was a laundry facility on-grounds, but we didn't bother to make use of it. There was no cigarette odor in my room, or anything to trigger my very sensitive allergies. I saw no bugs anywhere. The TV had plenty of channels, and worked fine. It could be easily turned to face either the living room or the bedroom.The only bad things were as follows:- The internet was a bit slower than your average high-speed -- annoying, but tolerable. It was certainly better than dial-up.- The couch sucked -- fine for sitting on, but not much else. If you're not there much, or you sit on the bed, instead, it hardly matters.- The office liked to charge extra for more or less everything (they made us pay for extra toilet paper, and only gave us a few towels for a whole week) -- but this is easy to circumvent...just bring your own linens/towels.- A little noisy at some times of the day, if your upstairs neighbors have unruly kids, but what hotel or apartment building is sound-proof?Overall, I'd recommend it to any person or couple who just wants an affordable, clean place to stay with a kitchen and internet. This would be a good place to stay, if you're planning on moving to Vegas, or are between apartments/homes.I hope that my review is helpful.	
	Five Star? No way!	Please ,before you book it, let me warn you, 15 dollars resort fee/day for facilities that you will never use, valet tips, 12 dollars interne, plus tax, they add up! We arrived on Wednesday night for two nights, after checking in, we left the luggage in the room, and went out, we waited 15 minutes for our car to come out from the valet, they hardly had anyone working at the time, there was only one person at the front desk at pretty much all time on wednesday, I guess they were cutting staff due to the economy. We were back to the hotel at 1AM, we couldn't find any slippers in the room that supposed to be there, called the front desk and they said to check again, they should be there, but we looked everywhere and couldn't find any. We called housekeeping, it took 20 minutes for the slippers to arrive. By that time it was almost 2AM. Knowing this is a five star hotel I decided not to bring a shower cap, just before I stepped in the shower, I start looking for the shower cap, I was relieved to see the nice little box that says shower cap with a Spa at Trump print on the box on a tray. But when I reached for it, the lid was torn and no shower cap inside, it's empty! It was used by the previous guest! I have stayed in two/three star hotel before, and never seen this. Again, 20 minutes for the shower cap to arrive, wow I never had such a hard time just to take a shower. Next morning, we woke up arround 10 AM, we wanted to use the stovetop. We then started the long journey just to get some items in the kitchen. We called and got transferred to the housekeeping, after 5 minutes of hold time, they finally picked up the phone, and we told them we needed a couple of items, the lady just said &quot;my pleasure&quot; and hung up, so we waited for 40 minutes, no one ever came, we thought the lady just didn't even bother helping, we called back again and waited forever, and it was always music and ring and back to music, so no one ever picked up at housekeeping, I called again to the operator to be talk to the front desk about this matter. Again no one picked up. I called the operator again and told her no one picked up both places, the operator simply said &quot;No one will pick up now, they are all busy, what you need?&quot;, excuse me, five star? You don't ask me what you need in such a rude way, you ask, &quot;I can pass on your request, what can I get for you?&quot; Well at least she did pass it on and it was delivered in another 30 minutes. We didn't start cooking until almost 12. A five star don't have such a poor service, housekeeping made me wonder if the room was cleaned properly, never seen a doorman opening the door for us. I am sure all of us have a tight schedule, we don't have 15 minutes here, 30 minutes there to spend on waiting for services that should arrive much sooner. So I will not stay again neither will I recommand it to anyone I know. This is really a 3.5 star hotel at max.	
	Great stay	This was our 4th trip to Vegas, but the 1st stay at the Mirage. It won't be the last. The bed was just heaven. The bathroom was a little small by American standards. But that was the only complaint. Give the BLT a wide berth, the Deli is the better option. Liked the fact they have security on the Lifts at night, some other hotels have done away with this. The location on the strip is great, much cleaner up this end, and a lot less hassle. Enjoy a great stay at the Mirage without any fears.	
Jul 4 2009 	Not too bad	Not horrible and 1 bedroom was big with rotating tv for living room and then bedroom use. No roaches. Vaulted ceilings and quite except for 4th of July weekend. Internet was not lightning fast, and pool was ok- but I just wanted privacy and security. Air conditioner ran extremely cold and the shadow box windows kept it dark when you need it. Only thing is dumpsters were absolutely filthy and security doors were all out of commission. Front desk folks were very very professional and pleasant. Had a 3 week stay and much much better than Budget Suites.	
Nov 12 2009 	Disappointed	We have stayed in a lot of Best Western Hotels and this was probably the worst. We were given a room behind the kitchen and the banging and dropping started at 6a.m. That was not good as we were staying out late.. There saving energy system was bad as we could not get the air condintioning to work and we got a dribble of water from the shower head. We were told they had an hourly bus to the strip and that was not true. So we did figure out public transportation but they have not information on that. We would not stay there again.	
May 20 2009 	love casino	tampting casinos near by and so you dont need any transport vihicle and you can spend time how much you like and you partner can sleep if he does not like to play	
Oct 7 2007 	Nice Clean hotel	Nice clean property. Friendly staff. The room was comfortable.It is in an area that is a bit run down, but it appears that the city is trying to improve that. It is near many museums and the Cashman center. If you are wanting to be in the down town area there is a city bus stop nearby, or you can walk but it is a bit of a walk.They have a complimentary continental breakfast and a small lounge with gaming on site.	
Oct 5 2009 	Decent stay quiet hotel accomodating staff	This hotel's strongest asset was the front desk and housekeeping staff. The desk staff was always warm and friendly and were nice enough to graciously take photos of us in the lobby before we all headed out!The rooms were clean and housekeeping was quick to supply extra towels and a roll-away bed for us. Although one of the days that we wanted service, we did not get it, but it likely occurred because the Do not Disturb sign was out until about 4 PM. The hotel was slow and there weren't many others on our floor, so it's understandable that the room was not serviced. If we had asked for service, I am confident they would have accomodated us quickly.The pool and hottub area was rather decent. Nothing too flashy, but it was clean and there were always fresh towels available. The breakfast buffet, though not free at this location, was quite good for the price. The breakfast attendant was very friendly and accomodating to our group. I felt he was a gracious host and made us feel welcome.Whenever we needed a cab, the desk was always quick to call immediately and assist us. We were a relatively high-maintence group, as we often needed things like towels and clean linen at odd hours, but they did not seem to mind. Additionally, when we came back to the hotel, possibly a little boisterous around 3 and 4 AM, they were smiling and friendly.There is a free internet terminal there, but it doesn't have any access to any other programs, other than the internet. In Vegas, I recommend going horseback riding in the Red Rock Canyon. We stumbled upon it by accident, and for $69 a person, we got a guided horseback tour around the canyon, and it was the best part of our trip. Check it out!!	
	Nice Room	This was my first time staying at Treasure Island and I found the rooms quite nice - the location is not as good as Bally's, but the rooms were nicer. I did have an issue with housekeeping ignoring the Do Not Disturb and knocking on the door anyway - I did have the security latch on but by the time I raced to the door, she had already unlocked it and was pushing up on the security latch. This happened both days..not sure if staff cannot understand the door signs or what the issue was. The 'free' in room safe was nice, updated bedding for an extremely comfortable bed and a plasma television. Check in and check out were on the slow side with only two desk clerks on duty. As has happened in almost every hotel we've stayed at in Vegas, people don't seem to be aware of the resort fees they get charged on check out. This ties up the lines a bit on check out because people spend time questioning these charges that they missed on booking. TIP- Get the room for the lowest price possible and don't bother paying extra for a Strip View - spend that money on a show instead.	
Nov 24 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	By far the best Hotel I had ever been to, great staff, great service and an even better Buffet. You dont even have to leave the Hotel, food, games everything is right there. Outstanding!!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Dealers!	Loved the dealers on the grave yard shift! They are so much fun! This is just a relaxed and fun place to enjoy yourself. You save your money and then you have some to spend on the tables. Thanks for such a fun time!	
Oct 8 2009	Comfort Inn great place to stay	My daughter and I stayed at a Comfort Inn in Vegas instead of at one of the casino hotels. It was one of the best choices we made. They had in-room refridges, extra shampoo, continental breakfast, shuttle to and from the airport, plus to the casino's downtown. Rooms were very clean and sunny, (no pun intended). This hotel was so much better then the Borgata in Atlanic City N.J. AND they offered free in-room internet!!! Borgata you had to pay for that too.	
Nov 24 2009 	I am sorry I could not stay longer	We had a short, but very relaxing stay, good price and location, quiet, clean, wifi, walking distance to get food or others, employees and specially Autum was very helpfull and nice with us.	
Nov 22 2009 	Thank You For A Pleasant Stay!!!	My husband and I along with another couple stayed at the Fremont the first week of November. We had a very enjoyable time. The rooms are small but who goes to Vegas to stay in the room. The housekeeping staff do a fantastic job our room was cleaned and restocked everyday. Also our room was very quiet and comfortable. The casino and hotel staff were always very friendly and helpful. Would stay here again on future trips. Center of all the action at Fremont Street. The buffet was very good and had a great choice of menu items. Be sure to get your players card and take advantage of comps and discounts.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great place to stay and play	Like some have said, it is a little rough around the edges, in need of some paint but overall very pleased with the resort. We had 2 units for a week for 9 of us. Been to Vegas many times staying at Strip and downtown. This was a nice relaxing break from daily casino exposure. Plenty of room at the pool compared to elbow to elbow at many casino pools. Great bar-b-que grills and outdoor space by pool and hot tub. Shuttle service to strip and Fremont street was handy. Staff was friendly and willing to accomodate. Only 45 minutes from Lake Mead. Found a great place to rent a pontoon for an afternoon of cruising and sand bar lunch. Also fast easy access to any activities you want.Will definitely book back with the Cliffs again!	
	The Worst Place Ever	I stayed in the Tropicana from 21/11/2009 to 24/11/2009 and it was the worst experience ever. This place is old and nasty they shouldn't waste time or money renovating and should instead just tear the place down. This place was absolutely the worst part of my trip. I'm not a snob and mostly just require a decent place to stay but this Hotel is not it. Don't be fooled by the price either as there are nicer hotels for a similar or lessor price. This was my first trip to Las Vegas and I didn't book a hotel in advance, I'll never make that mistake again. Go online and you'll be able to book at a nice Hotel/Casino and probably for less.	
Nov 1 2009 	Skip This Hotel	Dicey Location, Potty Mouthed Locals at tables with no control by pit bosses, heavy smokers.Our Hotel room had what looks to be 17 inch screen TV should be in a museum. Our Blankets were thread bare and mended instead of replaced. Very small outdoor pool with no landscaping. Lots of slots - many with very low payouts - veryify what you can win before you put your money in! Average Food at fair prices. Old dated movie theater.Thsi company owns several other much better properties - use Green Valley Ranch, Alliante or Red Rocks instead.	
	A nice location and	We recently stayed at Excalibur over the Thanksgiving week. Upon entering the hotel we were able to go straight up to check-in, there were plenty of friendly attendents to take care of us. I asked for a view of all things the airport, for a hubby that is more into plane watching than gambling...lol...the request was met easily. We arrived early due to time changes...at about 10am, check in is not til 3pm but we were able to get into our room immediately. The room was one of the older rooms and had not yet been remodeled. It was neat and clean, with the only exception being little finger prints on the window. The beds were comfortable and clean. The casino was bright and active, but the drink service could have been alittle more available. All and all a nice place with a great location.	
Aug 17 2009 	short but excellent stay	Stayed 1 night at Hampton. Arrived in airport late around 11PM on Friday night. They had 24 hour free (tips appreciated) shuttle service to airport or Mandalay Bay. Hotel was fairly new looking, clean and pretty quiet for being close to airport. Check in was fairly quick; service was good; OK'ed for late check out at 12 noon. Bed was comfortable. Bathroom was clean with walk in shower and good water pressure. Toilet was low flow but powerful. Room was well designed with work desk and rolling ergo chair; there was a flat screen TV with cable (did not watch much TV during my stay). Free internet connection and free wireless, which is always good to have. Small pool and workout room, which I did not use. Breakfast ended at 10AM. The usual complimentary Hampton breakfast (which is better than most hotels) with scrambled eggs and sausage, cereal, yogurt, juices, pastry, bread, fruits, coffee. Took the Hampton free van to Mandalay Bay (their only drop off place on the strip); driver was nice and informative. Later, call Hampton for pick up at Mandalay Bay; took about 20-30 minutes after call to get picked up; different driver was also very nice; he dropped me off at the airport.Overall, an excellent stay at Hampton. I've stayed at various Hamptons across the country and have come to realize that Hampton is an excellent chain.Tip: If you are expecting a party atmosphere of the strip, this is not your hotel. No large casino close by. It's located next to and south of airport and surrounded by a gas station and a few restaurants.	
	Worse hotel experience ever	Stayed at Trop in October. Room was called a &quot;garden room&quot;. Checked in and took the elevator down! Room was on ground floor. Sliding glass door led to parking lot. Questioned my safety staying in this room. Oldest hotel room I have ever stayed in (and I have stayed in some seedy places). Beds were disgusting, slept with my clothes on. Bed was so old it sunk in the middle. Stains on mattresses. Mold in bathroom.Was upgraded the next day after I told them I would be checking out (was staying 2 nights in Vegas).Magic show at Trop is circa 1984. Buffet is good.Would not stay here again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Restful escape from the Vegas Strip	Wonderful staff (thank you Susan). The shuttle is great (thank you Tony). Clean rooms, comfortable beds...no smoke anywhere! The free shuttle is just a few minutes to the action on the strip. Cozy, friendly atmosphere. Breakfast buffet is everything and then some! This was my first time to Vegas....I will stay here again!	
Oct 31 2009 	Not too bad	Hubby and I stayed at the El Cortez Cabana suites October 18th for 2 nights. We wanted to experience downtown and decided to try the El Cortez's new addition across the street. First of all the deluxe room is only 250 sq ft so obviously not a suite. The room is very well appointed especially the bathroom. There was a previous post that advised of poor lighting and they were correct except for there was great lighting in the bathroom. The queen size bed was not as comfortable as other Las Vegas hotels but I guess they have to be broken in. The bed has a wooden frame at the bottom so you have to be careful as to not to injure parts of your lower body when walking around the bed. There was an excellent 47&quot; plasma TV on the wall. We were on the first floor and the noise was well controlled. The windows were  frosted and had cute shutters over them so you could have privacy and sunlight if you wish. They advertise free water but there are no water bottles, a lovely water cooler type contraption in the gym. The best part of the hotel is the 24 hour security outside the entrance and the fact that you have to have a room key to even get into the building. If I stayed here again I would definitely look into getting the suite but if I were comped for free I would not fuss about the room. The casino was a lot less crowded/slower that the other downtown casinos. Many say that the El Cortez is located in the seedy part of downtown, but I felt very safe walking to Fremont St. alone. We ate in the caf which was OK compared to other Las Vegas hotel cafes. You are provided a coupon book at check in so we got $5 off our meal, which is always good. I would not have an issue with staying there again but would like to experience other downtown hotels on my future trips. GOOD LUCK!	
Nov 21 2009 	Nice location - charged me extra without my approval	Flamingo has a nice location - short walk to other attractions on the strip.The rooms are a bit outdated - old fashioned TV, old carpets, small washroom etc. In the washroom, you can hear everything from your neighbor, even quiet talking. The buffet downstairs is terrible - everything's heavy and greasy. You see their bird exhibit from the restaurant. Compared to absolutely spectacular attraction Vegas has to offer, the bird exhibit is really outdated and sad. They've probably cut the Flamingo's wing muscles to prevent from flying. Sad sad sad.What I'm most unhappy about is extra charges on my hotel statement. At the check-in, I was asked if I want to upgrade my room. I said no thanks. In my credit card statement an extra charge for a view appears. I never approved any extra charges. I contacted their customer service and they never got back to me. Staying at Flamingo doesn't make any sense to me in the future - you can stay at much newer Planet Hollywood (which we loved) cheaper - and the location is practically identical.	
	Good location comfortable room great value	The Silverton is a great place to headquarter for touring Las Vegas and area sights. Close to the strip with excellent interstate access, the facility carries the Bass Pro Shop theme into the resort. The rooms are tastefully decorated, quite comfortable, and plush. There is little noise and the rooms are fresh. For us nonsmokers it is a nice retreat from the casino. The casino itself is a lot of fun and has several restaurants, with a beautiful saltwater aquarium at the entrance. We have stayed here three times and will return for its ambiance and good value for Vegas.	
	WOOOOOOW!!	I will make this one short and sweet :)Vegas is a magical city where you can do whatever your heart desires...as long as you have the cash! I am speaking of world class dining, over-the-top VIP treatment at clubs, high roller treatment at casinos, and uber luxurious spa treatments.On to the actual review of Planet HollywoodFIrst of all, the location is PRIME!! center strip. Located across from the bellagio and the new City center being constructed. If you plan to see the whole strip this would be a good place to stay, because its very near the middle of the strip, plus there is the Miracle Mile mall attached to it so you can shop for the essentials (alcohol, food, pharmacy stuff) rite downstairs without paying resort prices. We got a resort room with a view of the bellagio fountains and our pool area. No complains huge room, but the movie theme was a little weird, Baywatch, cool pics but not a baywatch fan. Also, the only real complain about the room was the position of the TV; it did not face the bed at all, you couldn't move it or the bed, you could only watch it from the chairs. Best part of the room was the washroom, HUGE, as big as a bedroom, not just his and her sinks, but his and her sides, separate sides for boys with their own toiletries and ladies sides with vanity and the works. In the middle huge open space, it has a giant soaker tub, standup shower with seat and of course a toilet with its own door.The atmosphere was rockstar-ish, everytime you went downstairs it was like a party was going on. Good place to get drinks and people watch, the pleasure pit is always fun and the prive the nite club was better than I thought it was going to be. The pool area can do with a little more PH style, it seems a little bland and almost family oriented, nice view of the paris tower though. To eat there is the earl of sandwich, good place to grab a bite, cheap. Tried spice market buffet, now my second fav buffet in Vegas, reasonably priced considering what you get.The overall impression is a good one, very hip and trendy, still has some work to do here and there, upgraded pool area is the most wanting. Service was friendly throughout the hotel, only had one issue with the maid, she wouldn't give me more towels than she thought I needed. Rooms are amazing, vibe is amazing, location is amazing, and dining is amazing!!!Planet Hollywood ROCKS!.p.s. Holly Madison just started headlining for Peepshow.....WooOoOoOOoOOOW!!	
Aug 24 2009 	i love the staff there	i always tell others the town and country III on boulder hwy they do a great job there all the women in the office are very good and they are soso kind but if you are not there to have a safe and nice place to stay then they will make all trouble makers go away and im glad they really want you to have a place of security for you to lay your head down and feel safe they try to weed out the bad and usually they are pretty good at doing so the staff are all very good at what they do and the manager is on top of clean rooms and if you have a problem they will help you to solve it the grounds are kept very well and rooms are very clean and orderly i recomend if you need a good place with security this is the place to go	
Nov 20 2009 	Great Staff Great Location Great price	Thanks to the Orleans across the way being booked on the day I needed, I got to stay at the Emerald Suites. In fact they suggested it. It was perfect. When booking, thought I picked the wrong property. When this was realized the staff did not hestiate to make the change with no issues or rudeness that other hotel staff would have done. Even the trip from the airport was great with a shuttle driver that was delightful, knowledgable and engaging. If you didn't know anything about Las Vegas, you everything about Las Vegas by the time you reached the property! I will be back at the Emerald and I will be taking friends and referring friends for their trip to Las Vegas!	
Nov 8 2008 	Worst Experience	I lived in Budget Suite for embarassingly a year. We had no choice but to stay there while solving a case and the location seemed very convinient. When we started staying there the manangers and staff were nicer. Then this New Manager Dana Alexander comes in and makes her own rules. Totally not in the rules and regulations. Like she wont let my kids play outside the grass area which is safe, she insist theres a designated playground which is right next to the street and has dog poop. She scolded our neighbor for putting a blanket in the grass area for there baby to crawl. She scolded one of our friends living across from us for not wearing a shirt outside. Ive seen her kick 2 families out on the same day, because they dont fallow her rules. I thought maybe the corporation might wanna know how bad shes treating the costumers there so I wrote a letter. 3 days after, she brings a 7 day eviction letter. I ask why, she says coz I wrote a complaint letter. I ask how she can do such thing and ask wether she owns the place and she says yes she does. I brought the paper to court and when we got a court date, they brought there lawyer and the Judge didnt even wanna hear the story, saying she cant do anything and the property has the right to kick out tenants for no reason. We have been very good tenants, always paid in time and only because I voiced my concerns, I get kicked out. The thing that never stops to haunt me is the tone she uses when she talks to people. Like there all inferior from her. She told some kids I voluntered to watch after they told her I wasnt there mom to tell there Nanny they were not allowed to stay outside. What gives her the right to label me like that, she does'nt know me. We had no choice but to leave. So You tell me what kind of rating am I suppose to give, for a trauma that is literaly still hunting me to this day.	
Nov 23 2009 	Wow Great location--Nice amenities..Would stay again!	I had some reservations about this hidden treasure in the middle of the strip. However, once I arrived I was pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. Not 5 Star but for four guys in Vegas, it was great. Hotel staff was nice and we did not hear the construction that was taking place on the opposite side of the building. We were in the second tower and the walk wasn't that bad as I had previously read--we also had a view of the Bellagio fountains.For the price and location, this was a steal.....would definitely stay there again!	
Sep 30 2009 	Will never stay there again	Required to make copy of Drivers License and credit card when I made reservation.Few weeks later discovered that some was trying to use my i.d. with the copies made at the hotel. Fortunately the person was arrested before any charges were made on my card. When I contacted the management and told them what happened, there was no apology. Did not even offer to look into the matter.	
	Not one of our better Renaissance experiences	We stayed in the hotel for three nights over Thanksgiving 2009. I stay frequently at Marriott brand hotels and this hotel had many of the familiar positive attributes of a Marriott but also had some drawbacks. I doubt I'll return to it on my subseqent Las Vegas trips.Check In: Arrived at 9 p.m. Waited for 7 or 8 minutes to check in while the sole person at registration was speaking with another guest. The front desk representative was not overly friendly nor was he rude or unfriendly, but we didn't feel a warm or professional welcome was provided. He seemed rather uninterested in checking us in.Valet and Bell Staff: Quite exceptional. Cars brought in a very timely fashion, always professional and friendly. Luggage handled well.Room: Had a separate glass shower with a very small separate tub. The room is of moderate size and had the usual great Marriott bed and bedding/pillows. The carpet already looks worn in the room and hallways and this hotel is not that old. The coffee maker/tea/coffee etc. is all in the bathroom as there isn't a lot of other space in the room. It does have a desk and a small refrigerator and safe and a moderate size TV and one chair, which is also quite worn.Housekeeping: Very good. I'm particular about housekeeping issues and I was very pleased.Internet: Big disappointment. There was hard wired Internet, which was free in the club level rooms, where we were located but this hotel charged $1 per minute to use the computer and internet in the Club Lounge. This is the first Renaissance hotel I have stayed at which charged for Internet and computer use in the club lounge. Way over priced.Room rate: They had good specials at this hotel and our room was a good value for the money we spent:Restaurant (The Envy): Excellant. Although I don't know that I'd return to stay at the hotel I would definitely return to the restaurant. Several friends who reside in Las Vegas had recommended the restaurant. I had a birthday celebration here and the service was incredibly and the food extraordinary.Club Lounge: Only moderate at best. They charge for the alcohol, which is different than the Marriott and Renaissance hotels we frequent (which are often international locations) and the lounge looks a bit worn also. There was always only one attendant in the lounge and she was quite pleasant, but the TV was blaring and during one of our trips to the lounge there were many young children running around playing hide n' seek and making it a noisy atmosphere.Ambience: Overall, we didn't find this hotel to be plush or have great ambience. There was nothing that was horrible about the hotel but we just didn't find the service to be fantastic. The front lobby was often filled with really loud and noisy, and sometimes obnoxious sports team members, which the staff did nothing to control. I prefer the Marriott Suites, which is a couple of blocks from this hotel.Location: We chose it because we prefer to stay off the strip as I am usually here visiting family or on business and not here for the gambling. The location is fine and is next to the convention center. It is a $10 taxi ride to the main part of the strip or you can use the monorail, which has a stop right next door.Pool: Small pool on main level with a decent small lounge area.	
	wow	This hotel is totally awesome. Limo, champagne, red wine and franch cheese, personnal concierge, hammam and the BED!... so much, you wanna live there!	
	A great place to stay in Vegas if you like the soft pillow-top mattresses	Mandalay Bay is a beautiful property and extremely well-maintained. It is clean, the &quot;standard&quot; rooms are large and well appointed and we found the employees friendly and the service excellent.For us there was one drawback but for those who like the European-style soft pillow top mattresses and bedding, you'll be very happy with the beds. We prefer a firm old-style hotel mattress with more back support. They have none and the bed boards they can provide are thin and do not help.Let me just provide some thoughts on several subjects:We ate at Fleur de Lys, Aureole, Rick Moonen's RM Seafood and the Border Grill, along with one brunch in the buffet and one lunch in the buffet. The first 3 restaurants have outstanding well known chefs behind them. In the case of Rick Moonen, he lives in Vegas and is on-site often. We thought Fleur de Lys was absolutely outstanding and would rate Rick Moonen's #2 out of the first 3 high-end gourmet restaurants. They are expensive but worth it. The Border Grill is an excellent Mexican restaurant where you can actually get some healthy Mexican items. Try the turkey Tostada, for instance, which is delicious and very healthy if you don't eat the shell. The portions are big and we gound both things we got were excellent.We did not think the buffet was that great, especially when you consider the price is much higher than say the Mirage or Treasure Island. We found many of the items on the buffet prepared in such a manner that they deteriorated fairly quickly when sitting out on a buffet. Some of the items, like the flank steak for instance, were just not top quality. I'd try somewhere else.If you want to save on one meal during the day a good alternative is a food court that is located on a walkway between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor and Excalibar Casinos. They have several franchise operations in there including Quiznos Subs and they are normal franchise prices. Just go to the back of the Casino and upstairs to Mandalay Place and you'll find the walkway there. Many comment on the location of Mandalay Bay but we did not find that a negative. It seems much quieter on weekends (althought it is obviously busy) and is not the &quot;zoo&quot; like I'd consider the Mirage, for instance. There is also a free tram between Mandalay Bay and Luxor, Excalibar and MGM and it just runs back and forth so you don't have to wait too long for one. Once you get off at the MGM you are near the center of the strip and you have less than a mile walk to the Mirage which you would consider close to the end of the main strip hotels. The only significant negative for us to Vegas is the fact they are way behind the curve in terms of smoking regulations. They still permit smoking in casinos and sportsbooks. During the week when it's not too busy it is not bad but on weekends when the casinos are particularly busy there is a smell of smoke everywhere you go. You can't escape it and you can't sit down at a game in the casino or in the sportsbook without the probability of a smoker sitting down near you and making it worse. There are no &quot;no smoking&quot; areas in the casino and that is a big drawback for us...in fact, it is such a drawback we may not return until Vegas finally leaps into the 20th century and bans smoking in the casinos.	
Sep 27 2009 	average average average	there isn't anything REALLY wrong with this hotel, but then again, there is nothing to get enthusiastic about either. this is the second time i have stayed there, and this stay only confirmed my opinion from the first time (last year)the breakfast is adequate, but they do not replenish it as much as they should. we ate around 8 am and found that the fruits, eggs, etc. were low and were in need of refilling. the computer near the front desk was not working very well - it took one lady over 20 minutes to just print out her 3 emails. don't know what the deal was with that!the studio bed was VERY soft - and tho it was a queen, my husband and i kept rolling in toward each other. made the bed seem smaller than a queen.the kitchen was clean, but it lacked dish soap, so we left our dirty dishes in the sink. we would have cleaned them if there was dish soap.the sofa was on the old side and lumpy. luckily we didn't have to sit on it too long. the air conditioning worked just fine tho. the one down side that did bother us is that the walls are so thin that when someone put on the shower or flushed the toilet, you could really hear it. we kept the air conditioning on so that it would mask some of the noise.the front desk was very courteous, and that's to be appreciated. the big draw to the place is that it is across the street from the convention center. however, if you will pay a few bucks more, go to the marriott renaissance which is right NEXT TO the convention center. it is much nicer, tho i don't think that it comes with a free breakfast.	
Oct 25 2009 	Closet with a bed	The first time I stayed here the room was very nice, good size. Apparently this was an upgrade fluke. The room I had this time was a closet with a bed. You can get a much better and larger room at almost any of the casinos. Room was clean but not worth the money. Also NO SHUTTLE SERVICE. I was told at the desk that it's only a couple of miles to the airport that a taxi shouldn't cost too much.	
Apr 5 2009 	Yuck!	Yes, the price was very good. But our room had an unpleasant odor (like old fried chicken) and had definitely not been cleaned well - carpets were dirty, old papers left sitting around from previous tenant, and bedding did not smell freshly laundered. Yuck and ewww! As well, the pool and hot tub were filthy disgusting - clearly had not been cleaned in a couple weeks. If we hadn't arrived very late at night with five exhausted children, we would have left and gone to another hotel. This experience has soured us on ESAs, for sure. Very disappointing. The only reason this rating got 2 stars instead of 1 was because the front desk staff were fun and friendly, and after we complained they gave us a $20 refund.	
Nov 24 2009 	Good for the value I paid. Would stay agan	We won this on skyauction.com auction for CHEAP. The room wa a studio clean, nice..bed was comfortable and is located behind the Encore, so we were able to walk the strip. Kids loved the pool; heated to 85 degrees. This was a quiet condo and neat and clean. We would stay here again.NOT BUSY and those who were staying here were older...	
	We'll Be Back!!!!	We stayed a whole week over the Thanksgiving Holiday and loved every minute of it. Our room was the cleanest and freshest of any hotel we have stayed in. The sheets very comfortable and a choice of pillows, either soft or firm. The view was not the greatest, but we didn't spend too much time looking out the window. Each morning we enjoyed the breakfat buffet and gathered round the craps table ($3.00 minimum, great) before it got too crowded. At first, we complained to each other that the slots were too tight, but our last night there and the morning we left, we both won. The staff is so friendly and helpful so you don't mind asking dumb questions. The room was so big, when we arrived, my husband asked me if I booked a suite. The location was convenient for us because our daughter and family live close by and we were able to forego a rental car. We took the shuttle to the strip one day and that was hassle-free. Life is good at the Suncoast Hotel and Casino.	
Apr 8 2008 	Hands down worst stay of my life and I travel A LOT for work.	I went to Vegas with a friend of mine and we were supposed to stay with a friend of mine that lived there but due to her house issues, we were unable to stay there. She said she would put us up in a hotel in which she was going to pay for so we couldn't complain.....or could we. She booked us at the Travel Lodge on Las Vegas Blvd right next to Circus Circus. It was within her budget so we had no complaints.....until we checked in. The Lady at the front counter was rude and smelt bad! We got to our room (which keep in mind, this is a motel style). Our key didn't open the door. We tried and tried and still nothing. One of us walked all the way back to the front desk to get it reprogrammed. Walked back to the Room and still would not work. By this time, I was a little frustrated. I walked back to the front desk and had her reprogram it again. She then had one of the maintenance guys go with me to make sure I was doing it correctly (like I've never stayed at a hotel before!) Got back to the room and what do you know, it opened. So the room......it stank so bad. Like the carpet was molded and someone had horrible feet smell! We dropped our luggage off and I looked at my friend and said &quot;you have got to be kidding&quot; So we checked out the room, no iron or board for one. We had a wedding to go to the next day so we needed one. The bathroom was disgusting! The ceiling over the shower was black in the corner and it spread out over almost half the shower. There was also water damage above the window and it looked all molded. The window was not shut all the way. It would not stay snug to the seal so I guess some employee wedged two pennies and a nickel in between the crack to help keep it snug. There was also a tightly folded up piece of paper stuffed into the upper gap to hold the top part of the window snug. That night, I did not stay in the hotel because of the condition. I stayed with someone else from the wedding party. We tried not to be in the room, only if it was absolutely necessary. The day of the wedding, we had to Iron our clothes. There was no iron so we called the front desk......hmmm, the phone in our room didn't work (go figure). I walked to the front desk and asked where the iron and ironing board was. There was only &quot;2&quot; for the entire hotel of 50+ rooms and we all had to share. Both were already rented out. She said she would call when they were back (if the people using them were kind enough to bring them back immediately for the rest of us to use) and I told her that the phone in our room didn't work. I explained we had a wedding to go to so she put us on priority and she would have someone bring them to our room. Much to my surprise, 10 min. later, it was in our room. The Wedding was great. Thankfully, both of us stayed with friends that night!!When we got back to the hotel to get ready to check out, that's when the [--] hit the fan. Two brand new bottles of my friends cologne were missing. They were sitting on the sink when we had left. Immediately we went through all our stuff to see if anything else was missing and thankfully, nothing was. He marched straight to the front desk and explained to the desk assistant what the problem was. She had the nerve to tell him &quot;Maybe you miss placed it, you should look in your room again&quot; My friend about hit her. He came back and told me we should do another thorough search. We looked for about an hour checking every possible place. He knew someone had taken it because he knows he left it right on the sink. Anyway, we checked out and all they did was take down his name, number and address. They didn't even offer us any type of voucher or anything (Not like I want to stay at another Travel Lodge). That was about two years ago and did he receive a call or any information on his cologne.......nope.I Beg you, don't stay there. Spend the extra $30 a night for a more quality hotel. Anywhere but there. I'll post photo's of the window and the shower at a later date as I don't have them with me now.	
	Kicking and Screaming	We stayed at the Wynn for 3 nights (midweek), as part of a package that included round trip travel from Newark on Continental, and an upgraded panoramic view room, for under $700 per person. Check in was quick at 5:30PM; we requested a view of the Strip, and our room on the 54th floor (5432), was outstanding. The entire wall opposite our bed was glass, and we had the most fabulous views by day and night. The room was huge and impeccable, the bed, bedding and pillows fabulous, the bathroom (especially the deep soaking tub) to die for. My husband, a very sophisticated traveler, was uncharacteristically silent for about 10 minutes, then blurted: &quot;Can't we stay a whole week? I'll be kicking and screaming when it's time to check out.&quot; I would agree that there are many extra charges at the Wynn, for example, the gym (about $30/day). Alternative: get your exercise by walking everywhere; first get your legs in shape before the trip, and pack your most comfortable shoes.Another extra hit to the wallet is for internet use (about $16/day). Alternative: there are two computers with printer in the Fashion Show Mall's food court (3rd floor, next to the Currency Exchange): Do your online check-in and printing of boarding passes for $5. Continental breakfast: the Starbucks, just across the Strip at the Fashion Show Mall, is the place. ( The mall itself opens at 10AM, but the Starbucks outside (ground level) with the open air cafe was open when I arrived, blearyeyed, at 7AM, and delicious coffee and muffins for two cost under $8, less than half of what you pay at the Wynn). The Grand Luxe Cafe in the casino at the Palazzo (next door) has an excellent and reasonably priced menu, with huge portions that you'll need to share.Favorite show: Le Reve (at the Wynn); get same day half price tickets at the Fashion Show Mall (near the Starbucks), starting at 10AM. Go early.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice Hotel	The Hotel is a nice hotel for the casino player. The rooms are good however We had a problem with unattended children in the next room at 0130am. when reported to the night manager she wasnt interested.	
	Sports Talk With The Guys - Hosted by the Golden Gate Hotel and Casino!	Staff was wonderful, professional and first-rate! Couldn't ask for more! Our weekend special was loads of fun!	
	Seriously? Rude staff dumpy rooms - don't bother	1st trip to Las Vegas, stayed at Harrahs. I gamble enough in Atlantic City and New Orleans that my room in Vegas was comped. I checked in, went to my room and discovered the only view was that of some dirty pipes and a brick wall. I went to the desk and asked to have my room changed. I was told by the desk clerk that I had already been upgraded to a junior suite (news to me) and there was nothing available. She then coughed all over my paperwork and handed it back to me. I checked in on Monday afternoon and left Thursday. Didn't spend one dime in their hotel/casino - went to the Bellagio and spent tons of money - their service was impeccable.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great place to stay - a little bit of walking needed	This hotel was overall very nice. The rooms were immaculate and quiet. The pool and hot tub (on the roof) are a bit small - but lets face it - who goes to Vegas to spend time in a pool. The staff were great and eager to help, on the few times we needed assistance (additional blankets, etc...). The small market on the 1st floor was well stocked but WAY over-priced - you would be better off to find a local Walmart as we did. They do have a shuttle that goes to the supermarket a couple of days a week if you don't have a rental car. The beds were wonderful and perhaps more comfortable than what I have at home.The only problems I had were with the location and our room overlooking the airport. They are located off a side-street next to Plant Hollywood. You have a good solid block to get to the strip. Not a big deal for us, but when you are used to walking out your door and being in the center of it all - it is something to be aware of. The other issue was we didn't check in until mid-week and the only rooms available were in the back facing the airport. The only time it was an issues was the stream of 6:30 am take-offs and landings. Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone looking to have nice lodging in Vegas.A few other tips: avoid valet if you are going back out that same day - park in the back of the hotel (we did do valet at night); the view from the roof at night is nice on a warm night; avoid the lobby market; the showers use full shower-heads - not those whimpy water-conserving ones :)	
Nov 7 2009 	At walking distance from The Strip	Okay; a hotelroom in Las Vegas does'nt cost much.My car broke down just in front of the hotel.And that is how i found the meaning of the word &quot;service&quot; About the hotel; pool is small but ultra clean and fresh.Rooms are ok ,clean and cheap.At 5 minutes walking from MGM	
	Good choice off the strip	Stayed in a two bedroom suit with four adults total. Each room had its own bathroom. There were nice 32 flat screen TVS in each bedroom and one in the living room. Room were clean and looked nice and modern. Hotel staff was helpful and friendly. The free continental breakfast was good. Hotels location was good if you have a car. It is only about a Mile to the strip and there are a lot of choices for dinning and shopping within a mile of the hotel. Would highly recommend staying at this hotel.	
Nov 20 2009 	Don't waste your money on the strip	We always stay downtown. Even a low roller can get rooms, meals etc comped downtown. The Fremont Street Experience is a fantastic light show that is different every hour all evening. There is entertainment of all kinds up and down the street. You don't have to pay for transportation to get from one casino to another. The people in the casinos are friendly and take time to teach you the games if you are new to gambling. If you are farmilir with Blackjack you can play in the Party Pit in the front of the casino with young girls dealing and even a dancer. Action is fast and FUN. The rooms at Binions are being remodeled and they hope to have them all refinished by next summer. They will rival if not beat any romm on the strip with class and luxury! There is a marvelous, reasonable buffet at the Main Street Casino around the corner with a huge selection. Try downtown. You will not be disapointed!	
	Horrible	Elevators did not work ,homeless in and out to use restrooms,prostitutes ,have to go through nightclub to get to room,different beds in one room,dirty carpets,no radio and no hair dryer in my roomSave your money and go somewgere else	
Nov 25 2009 	Only a short walk to the strip quiet relaxing stay and friendly service.	I'll admit that I was a little apprehensive to stay off the strip. However, this wasn't my first trip to Vegas and I figured I should save some money to use towards gambling. ;) Upon arrival we discovered the hotel was only a few (maybe 2-3 blocks) up to Bill's, and Bally's is right across the street. The staff at the Westin Casuarina were friendly and accomodating. Although we arrived before check-in time, they checked our bags for us so that we could go exploring. They also offered to call my cell phone when our room was ready, which was so helpful.The room was very clean, but a little on the small side. We did not spend much time in the room so it was not an issue. Their trademark &quot;Heavenly&quot; bed was ah-ma-zing! Nothing better than a soft, comfy bed, with crisp white sheets to pass out in after being up all night.Since we arrived in April the pool was not open yet, but we still went outside to lounge in their pool side chairs. Their pool is REALLY small. If you're looking for the pool to be the main event of your vacation, then I wouldn't reccomend the Westin.The hotel's complimentary &quot;Unwind&quot; hospitality service was a real treat, as we got to have a few drinks and snacks before heading out each night. One night they also offered complimentary neck massages in the spa. I will note, tipping the staff definitely goes a long way here. All in all, I would reccomend the Westin to friends. I personally will venture to try other hotels, since there are so many to choose from in Vegas. However, if the price was right I would certainly stay here again.	
	Wedding and Touring	Cool place right on the strip its a bit small but what do you want for such a cheap hotle in the middle of everything...staff are great also.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent value off the strip	Very nice hotel if you are looking to stay off the strip. We were there for just one night before our early morning flight so worked fine. Nice included breakfast which is nice.	
Oct 29 2009 	Perfect.	Everything we could have wanted from a hotel - CLEAN, spacious, opening windows (so many hotel windows in the US do not open, which is freaking weird), nice decor, comfortable beds, fridge, microwave, nice pool, free parking, very competent staff. Had had a bad experience the night before at a Hampton Inn with regards to cleanliness so was a bit dubious about this place, but had no need to worry - it was spotless. I didn't want to leave.	
Sep 14 2009 	Convenient location on a budget.	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and I think it's a reasonable option if you are on a budget. The location is great. It took me only 10 minutes to get to the Conference center and 2 minutes to get to the strip.From the outside the hotel doesn't look good at all, but the rooms are recently updated: big, freshly painted, marble countertops, completely re-done bathrooms. My biggest problem was that my room was on the second floor and there is no elevator or even a ramp, so you have to drag your luggage on the stairs.The staff didn't appear too friendly at first, but when I needed help, they went out of their way to help me out!Internet was great in the lobby and local phone calls were free.All in all, I recommend this hotel if you want a convenient location on a budget.Jackie	
	Clean Comfortable 	My husband and I booked the Rooms in the Manor and the experience was really good. We had my sister and parents also. Even if we did not ask, on check-in, they gave us adjoining rooms. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The rooms were located on the ground floor - and parking was basically just in front of the manor.Circus Circus offerred really good buffet meals - at 20 USD for the whole day (breakfast, lunch and dinner) and they also offered all you can eat prime rib for 13 USD. It was well worth it.We stayed for 2 nights and we had a really great time. It is probably one of the cheapest hotels but facilities were great.	
Oct 8 2009	Worst Hotel I Have Ever Stayed	The front desk was highly unprofessional, very rude and non-accomodating. To top it off, we are now disputing unauthorized credit card charges as we are being falsely accused of property damage to a room. MY ADVICE -DO NOT STAY HERE	
	North Tower	We always stay at this hotel when we visit Vegas because we get a comp room, but every time we notice bits and pieces of snacks are left behind in a room. For example, between the night stands, under the table and chairs, corner of the room, under the TV armoir.. We found cheerios and pretzels there this time... Apparently, the maid might have been in a rush to clean the room, she didn't leave a roll of toilet paper and laundry bags... We called to have someone to bring them up to the room, but it didn't happen for a long time... Besides those things, we always enjoy staying at Bally's because the rooms are big, and it's in a good location. We ordered room service for breakfast, and it came in timely manner, and the portion was okay.We would recommend Bally's for anyone who is looking for a good size room and location.	
Sep 16 2009 	Not Bad But not good Either!!	Stayed in F Building 3rd floor was all they had.$169. call ahead, big billboard above office states $149 as comeon.,bring your own bed linen's/towes.no microwave. has stove. frg.bring roach spray!! for occasional siteing's.around kitchen/bath area's. A can of Disinfectant wouldnt be a bad idea.long term renters living there.the suites management should place a can of Roach spray as a Comp in unit.blinds had some tatter's sofa too! other then that just a head's up.	
Sep 28 2009	Great Hotel	I just returned from a 3 night stay at this facility and was impressed by the overall cleanliness and great customer service. The front desk staff was always helpful and courteous and the rooms comfy and clean. The free breakfast was very convenient and had a good variety of items. This hotel is in a great location, close to many stores and restaurants, but I do have to agree with other reviewers that it is hard to find. We drove right past it because we didn't see the tiny sign and the hotel sits way back off the street.I would definitely stay here again if I were in this area of Las Vegas.I would like to add a side note: Although it was not the fault of the hotel, there were 5 cars broken into the last night of our stay. Windows were smashed and items stolen. Luckily our car was not involved but our friends were not so fortunate. My advice would be to park in the front parking area outside the main entrance.	
Oct 13 2008 	Never again	Koval Lane Super 8 Motel needs to renew its mattressses and its attitude.. We stayed there recently and my husband was badly bitten from his neck down to his toes by bed bugs. We are now back home and 29 days later while the redness has gone away we can still see the lumps from these bites. They were so bad my husband didn't feel he could wear shorts the whole time we were away, the temps were 100 degrees upwards so there was quite a bit of discomfit cause by this.While they took 3 days charge off our bill and moved us to another room their attitude was &quot;oh, so what, stuff happens&quot;. One of the staff said she had manage to take some of these bugs home with her and the bites had driven her crazy for a week. Thats fine if you are at home and can deal to these things but it's not quite so easy when you are visiting from abroad.	
	absolutely acceptable	I recently stayed at the hotel for five days/nights. I required a hotel that was convenient to the convention centre and the strip, and a place to lay my head. Greek Isles fitted these requirements.The room was clean, the sheets were clean, the tv worked and the door locked. The staff were friendly and very helpful - I had a number of questions throughout the week to which they responded happily.Breakfast in the restaurant was excellent and the beer and a tequila (for medicinal purposes only) at the end of the day were cold and within budget served by a friendly bar keeper.Greek Isles is a good &quot;working class&quot; hotel (working class - the backbone of the nation) and I would stay there again.	
Sep 19 2009 	One problem after another	We had nothing but problems. We had a reservation and were given a room on the quiet side of the hotel away from the street side. The first thing we noticed was that the room felt uncomfortably warm and found that the air conditioner didn't work. It was the middle of August and over 100 degrees F outside so my husband went down to the front desk and reported our problem but the guy wouldn't believe him and we had to wait for him to come to the room and check it himself. I mean, how complicated can these things get right? Sure enough it didn't work and he said he only had one room left so we were given the room directly across the hall on the street side which was noisy. The A/C did work but then we had other problems. The room had two queen beds and when my husband sat on the edge of one of the beds the mattress seesawed up in the air because it was not put back correctly on the floor pedestal for some reason. We labored to get that thing put on straight and should've called the staff but didn't want to wait forever so we did it ourselves. We had a good laugh over that one. The bed cover was also dirty. The tub/shower was another big problem because only half of it worked which was the bath spout. We also reported this. So, no shower staying in this room. At this point we just shook our heads because we are a La Quinta returns customer and had stayed in over 20 of them on this particular trip where we drove 7700 miles and this was by far one of the worst ones we stayed in - the other one was in Layfayette, LA but that's another story. It was way overpriced for what you get and the hotel is old and needs a facelift. Another thing that didn't work was the ice machine on our floor and we had to go hunt one down. It was just one thing after another as if they operated the place on a shoestring budget and cut corners wherever they could The staff is not friendly and if there is a problem they act like it's your fault. The people running the place are foreigners. After complaining, we did however get a reduced rate for the one night stay due to all the inconveniences.	
	Great place again	Stayed at Carriage House for 1 week from Halloween 09. We returned to this hotel again after 1st visiting in 2005 and were impressed by the upgrade the rooms and hotel have received. We booked 2 rooms as our son came with us and both rooms were large and comfortable. Reception area has also been renovated with good quality furnishings. Staff are very helpful and courteous. Visited Utah and Death Valley whilst staying this time, both an easy day trip. There is a lot of building work being carried out on the strip between the Monte Carlo and Bellagio hotel (which is not far from the Carriage House) this makes the area dusty. Also the entrance to Harmon Avenue from the strip is being changed, this isn't too much of a problem but something you should be aware of if driving in Vegas. Vegas is a fun city with plenty to do, the Carriage House is a 5 minute walk from the strip and gives a welcome bit of peace and quiet when you turn in for the night. The hotel could benefit from a small bar or restaurant but with the strip so close it's not an essential addition the management should make. We would definetly stay at the Carriage House again if we retuned to Las Vegas.	
Sep 23 2009	This Place is a Dump!	I booked this trip through Hotwire for 7 nights with my adult daughter. I'm a big fan of Hotwire and have always been pleased with my hotel stays in the past through them. This place, however, was a different story. Hotwire described this hotel as &quot;North Strip&quot;. Well, it is not on the official strip. It is well north of the Stratosphere. It is actually between downtown and the strip in a very seedy area of Las Vegas. There is an Adult Bookstore across the street and many strip clubs within walking distant of this Econo Lodge. There were homeless and perverted looking people walking around. My daughter and I tried laying out by their tiny pool one afternoon and weird-looking men actually stopped and stared at us. One man (with his beer can in hand) even walked into the parking lot and stood and stared at us and another homeless man pushed his shopping cart onto the hotel property to stare at us. This made us very uncomfortable, so we left the pool area. The hotel is old and broken down. The room was old and dirty with mold in the tile. Our facet was broken. Two days in a row the maid failed to clean our room and we had to call and complain. The ice machine on our side of the hotel never worked. I had to walk across the parking lot to get ice. One night this ice machine would not turn off and ice poured out to the ground. I let the hotel clerk know this and she turned it off. The next night it was doing it again. There was a hugh pile of ice on the parking lot ground. So, they failed to have the ice machine fixed. When I have booked through Hotwire In the past, when I have traveled with my daughter, the hotels we stayed at always let us have two beds at no extra charge. All we had to do was ask. This was not the case with this hotel. The rude hotel clerk stated &quot;if you want two beds that will be an extra $20 a night.&quot; Well with this added cost I could of booked a room in Vegas direct at many hotels that were a lot nicer than this place, and with two beds. This would no longer have been a good deal, and isn't that what Hotwire is all about? It would have been different if the hotel was full, but I don't think this place was ever more than 25% full the whole week. It would of just been good business to have given us the room with two beds at no extra charge. Also, the one bed we did get creaked every time we moved and the mattress was old and sagging. They advertised this as a queen bed, but it was definately a double bed.The weird thing about this place is that the hotel lobby was really nice. It was filled with nice furniture and two big flatscreen TV's. This certainly gives off the wrong image because the rooms are horrible. They have a AAA rating on their sign. I think AAA must have really lowered their standards lately. Hotwire rated this place as a two-star. Well it was not a two-star. I would not even consider this as a one-star. In my opinon it was a &quot;minus one&quot;, and I am not a picky person, I even think Motel 6 is o.k.There was one good thing at this place and that was the free use of their internet in the lobby. They also supplied a printer for guests to print off their information.We did manage to have a good time on this trip since we only spent enough time to sleep and shower at this place. My advice to anyone considering booking a hotel through Hotwire to Las Vegas is &quot;Don't do it&quot;. Hotwire is great for probably any other place on earth. But there are just too many other good hotel deals going on in Vegas right now and you can book direct and know what you are getting into. If you are considering booking direct at this Econo Lodge, please don't do it, there are many other places to stay that are a lot nicer and are still at a bargin rate in Las Vegas.	
	A Home Away from Home	What a great stay we had at the Platinum. All we can say is that it was like a home away from home....From check in with Brianna we were at all times treated so well by everyone, especially Nathan the Manager on duty. We were celebrating my 40th birthday and were treated to complimentary champagne and chocolate covered strawberries on more than one occasion during our 5 night stay.In particular, Nathan, Trinity, Brianna at the front desk and Joel and Marco, Bell Men and Christian in the Bar were outstanding. Matt and Alex at the front desk were also pleasant. Nathan and Trinity were great at suggesting trips and looking up tours to the Grand Canyon and tickets for shows, much appreciated to get the local heads up...During our trip to Vegas we travelled to San Francisco for 3 days and were delighted to be welcomed back to the hotel. Our room 1516 was spacious, with a good view, ok its the back of the buildings on the strip that you see.We had breakfast coupons for the first 3 days, but these were inadvertently charged to our room, which Nathan sorted out when mentioned to him. The only slight issue was on our second day we had to phone 3 different times 12 noon, 6.30pm and again at 04.00am for the guest bed to be made up, in the end the linen arrived quite quickly and we made the spare bed up ourselves at 4am. The late arrival was after enjoying the $6.99 steak and beer special next door in Ellis Island, definitely an experience worth trying... good food, home brew, great valueNext door to the hotel there is a half price tickets booth for all the shows and we were lucky enough to be able to enjoy 3 superb shows...We were on foot and had no problem with the short trek to the strip, so we cannot comment on the valet parking except to say that the Bell Men were great at getting cabs when needed for the airport etc and even ran after our taxi man after he tried to pull a fast one and drive off with some of out christmas shopping left in his trunk..... Just a tip re cabs, get the number of the driver if you have any issues, we heard scary stories of people being overcharged for regular cab faresThe hotel is an oasis of calm within the madness and insanity that is all about Las Vegas. In short a home away from home. Thank you all at the Platinum for making it so memorable	
May 14 2008 	Stay Clear. Especially with kids. Better off sleeping outside on a park bench.	this was one of the worst, scariest and least comfortable hotel experiences in my life. Absolutely terrible uncaring management.	
Rar! s  
	Great hotel friendly dealers super price/deal with coupons	Look around the internet and you can find package deals to this hotel for ~$200 for a 4 night stay or 3 night with 6 free buffets. i stayed here because the monorail end here but the place ended up being nice and offering every table game i wanted, i never left!	
Dec 16 2008 	Definately a budget hotel	The Extended Stay Valley View is a budget hotel; nothing more, nothing less. The suite (bedroom, bath, kitchenette, living area) was very clean and sparse but the furnishings truly ugly - not just standard forgettable hotel decor, but rather black and tan striped indoor-outdoor carpeting, a couch of similar colors, red kitchen table, reddish bedspread, black headboard, pale yellow walls...altogether not that inviting! The mattress was on the hard side, and the pillows lumpy.However, as aforementioned, the rooms and appliances were clean. The water pressure in the shower was good and the temperature hot. The hotel staff seemed very friendly and helpful. The rooms are only cleaned weekly, but fresh towels and toiletries are provided at the front desk at any time if needed. I had a ground floor room that seemed quiet, although I could hear backgound noises (water running in the next room, someone rolling a suitcase on the sidewalk, etc.). The hotel is a convenient walk (5 - 10 minutes) to the Rio, where free shuttles run to Bally's or Harrah's frequently.	
Sep 9 2009 	close enough to drive but far enough away from the vegas madness	there are plenty of advantages to hotels that are off-the-strip. they are quieter and offer a refuge from the madness of the strip. this place is no exception. only 10 minutes drive from LV blvd, it is clean, cheap and well-equipped with a full kitchen. ideal place for your annual week-long Vegas binge.	
	Excellent - one of the best hotels in Vegas!	We go to Vegas once or twice a year and this time opted for the Encore. Overall very pleased with the room, the service and the price! Checkin on a Saturday early evening was easy and smooth (no wait at all) with a friendly welcome and an upgrade to a high floor panoramic room. The room was very nice, decorated to a very high standard with a great bathroom and a very comfortable bed. Room service was good quality and very quick (less than 30 minutes) - which is extremely good for Vegas. Didn't bother taking any photos as the room looked identical to the pictures on the website. Litterally my only complaint would be the slightly low shower pressure (but nothing like as bad as the Palazzo last year!). Overall extremely pleased and would definitely stay there again!	
	Perfect	We went up for Football Championships had 2 teams ages from 9-12 yrs. we stayed here as a team. Had a great time at the Emerald Suites! The staff was very polite to all of us and gave us anything we needed during our stay that we forgot or ran out of. Very, very great laundry rooms for us we definitely had lots of uniforms to get washed. These suites are perfeclty located by the freeway, grocery and gas station. This will definetly be the place we come back to every year for the football championships with the great price, great rooms, great staff you can't beat it!! Thank you Emerald Suites!	
Oct 8 2008	Good for a short stay	Stayed overnight after a late flight arriving in Vegas, and were leaving vegas. Just off highway, comfortable room, reasonable free breakfast. I do not think this is a good location to &quot;see&quot; LV but for other purposes it is fine.No trouble with hot water, cleanliness, etc.	
	Robbed	The place was horrible. Not only was service terrible when we first arrived but we were actually robbed in the middle of the night while we slept. We think someone from the staff did it as our door was locked. When we reported the incident the following morning, we were ignored by security and he actually told us to hope &quot;our money may be returned&quot;. That was all he could did. Never again will I stay here. With the money we lost. we could have stayed somewhere way better.	
	Elegant and Excellent Customer Service	Loved the room. Up on the 42nd floor facing the Bellagio's Fountain (loved the fountains at night...beautiful). Got a call from the desk checking to see if we loved the room. My cousin also got a nice gift for her birthday which was in a few days. TV in the bathroom with a jacuzzi. Very nice.The buffet was lovely and the food was very well prepared and tasty.	
Nov 24 2009	not that bad what do you expect for the price	lot of parking and the people that works their very pleasant I brought my little dog (yorkie) and the manager made it very comfotable for me and my group. and we are planning to stay again next year if they except my dog again	
Apr 29 2008	Do Not Stay Here!! Dirty Understaffed Run Down.	Once you give them your credit card.....it's over! Very bad experience! Oh, and everything is an extra charge. Even towels, pillows, blankets, and even an extra key! Cleaning fee, internet fee, dishes fee, and leave your license to borrow an iron! You even have to sign forms for everything. Even to get a remote for the TV and have to take it back to them when you check out! (the buttons on the TV don't work so once again,, no choice! They also don't tell you that you have to give them a copy of your drivers license, plus your Social Security number. Once your standing at the desk to check in with your reservation and they demand this info or you can't stay, it's not fair. Your also past the cancelation policy time so you have no choice. The office is not even open 24 hours a day, so good luck if you need anything after hours. Do your self a favor and just STAY SOME WHERE ELSE!	
	Very pleasantly surprised!	My wife and I traveled here for a Thanksgiving weekend get-away. We chose Whiskey Petes because it was a pet-friendly hotel and we brought along our Boston Terrier with us. We were a little concerned about how the room and service would be after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, but we figured what the heck lets give them a try anyway.When we arrived, there were about five couples in front of us checking in as well. There was only one hotel clerk working, so that process took a little longer than it should have for the start of a long holiday weekend, but after about 15-20 minutes we made it to the hotel desk. The young woman working there was extremely friendly and efficient, and she got us checked in with no problems or delays. She explained that she had to put us in a room set-aside for people with pets which of course we expected, and we thought for sure that meant an old, dirty, stinky room.But when we got to the room, we discovered that our fears were unwarranted. The room was very large, very clean (carpet, bathroom etc), had a great view of the outside pool, and best of all, smelled like it had just been completely deodorized. Certainly not the Ritz  but a great room  especially for the very low price we paid.The casino staff was also very friendly and helpful. They gave my wife and I T-shirts when we picked up our players card and also comped us tickets to their Country Superstars Tribute show which was a nice little gesture and really started our weekend off well.We highly recommend trying this place the next time youre looking for an inexpensive get-away.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great value clean - 20 minutes from the strip.	We were pleased with this pet friendly hotel. The AAA rate was $75 and no pet fee, a great value for Vegas with a pup. It was a long way from the strip, 20-25 minutes drive - the nice thing is that the major hotels provide valet parking for a small tip - Caesar's has the easiest access. The room and bedding were clean and comfortable. There is a laundry room available for a small fee. Although close to the highway, we did not find the rooms noisy at all. If traveling through Vegas with our pup again, we would stay here without hesitation.	
Nov 2 2007 	very budget hotel	This is as budget hotel as it comes in las veags. Simple amenities, bed, area to hang your clothes, drawers to put other clothes in, simple bathroom. They only supplied us with soap and towels. Windows cannot open so had to use the air conditioner to keep the room cool a/c was noisy. hollow tile building, 24 hour security guard at the entrance to the building. old slow elevator. need to book this place through the el cortez as I guess the overflow customers go here. very popular because the prices are very low here, got $50 a night for fri/sat and $30 for sunday, cheapest that I could find for that weekend (right before SEMA convention). There seemed to be a lot of budget travellers here, safety wasn't an issue in the hotel itself. as with the el cortez, this place is a little out of the way from the downtown fremont street experience but if I couldn't find cheap rates I would stay here again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Nice Clean Comfortable and Quiet	The Element was a very comfortable and quiet hotel. Be prepared for a long ride to the Strip. It's about 30 minutes from the strip by taxi/shuttle. A great location if your visiting for a conference at the Red Rocks Resort and Spa. The bedroom was quiet and the room was very clean. Overall a very nice stay.	
Nov 12 2009 	Loved It	Stayed at Polo towers 1 week. Got strip view on 16th floor which had a balcony. Loved the view and enjoyed the closeness to the strip. A &quot;tix for tonight&quot; booth is right in front on the strip which made getting discount show tickets a breeze. The house keeping cleaned our room everyday which is hard to find in a time share. For light sleepers you can hear Karaoke on the street till 3 am so be warned. Polo towers has one of the best locations on the strip and our stay was great.	
	Embassy Suites	The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was one of the best I've had at a hotel. I did not get to attend the evening reception because I was working, but from what I saw it looked friendly and inviting. I will stay here next time I travel to Vegas.	
Nov 16 2009 	Our experience at the GD was not grand.	The reason we stayed at this place was my husband was taking business training in Las Vegas and the course was held at the Grand Desert. We decided to fly out the weekend before the training to spend some time together in Las Vegas. We contemplated staying at another hotel on the Strip for Friday and Saturday night but ultimately decided to stay in the GD for the duration. This was our first time to Vegas and our first time experiencing a time share property. The following are the list of reasons our stay was less than grand;1. They had lost our reservation. This is usually something that can easily be fixed but not at this place. Furthermore, their attitude toward us was bad. After giving them our confirmation number, they were able to find the original reservation but said that it had been canceled. We would not have flow all the way from the east coast if we had canceled the reservation. They asked us who we booked the room with and we gave the name of the lady who books rooms for events such as training (she works in another state on the east coast). Since this is a time share property, they do not have a reservation desk like most hotels and told us quite bluntly that we have to resolve this problem ourselves - we were stunned. We didnt make the mistake but we had to somehow fix it. Fortunately, we were able to reach the lady on the east coast that originally booked our room (who apparently was the only person who could restore the original reservation) but it took awhile as she couldnt be reached promptly. We were a little concern that she may not be in the office since it was Friday and getting late in the day on the east coast. When we reached her, she said that it was a glitch in the system and rebooked the room. This was a convenient problem for them as my husbands credit card had already been billed for the entire stay the day that he made the reservation. So basically we had already paid for a room in its entirety for which we did not even have a reservation. Had we not been able to reach this one person, I dont think that we would have been able to get another room because they couldnt make a reservation for us there at the actual property. I call it a property because it really isnt a hotel  a fact that was made more apparent every day we stayed. By the way, there is a blackout on checking in on Friday which I guess only applies to non-timeshare owners. I think this is why they wouldnt help us, which leads me to my next complaint.2. If you are not a time share owner, you are not fit to breath. We were surprised by this treatment. Since we were not time share owners, I would have thought theyd be nice to us in the hopes of becoming time share owners. Every time we approached a staff person that worked at this place to ask them a simple question (like does the shuttle stop at this tower?), it was as if we were bothering them. I went to what is considered the concierge desk to pick up the welcome package a couple of days after we checked-in, which was some info on Vegas and the shuttle pass. This is when they try to talk you into a time share presentation. When I indicated we were not interested, the little bit of hospitality that I got ended. The one nice person was Ms. Lynn - one of the shuttle bus drivers. Also, my husband witnessed a little 90 year old lady get kicked off the shuttle bus by another driver at the Harrahs pickup location since she could not produce a shuttle pass or a room key. Someone from her party was already back at the timeshare and she didnt have a room key or a shuttle pass on her. Watching their treatment of her was the last straw for him.3. We keep smelling cigarette smoke. It may have been coming from the next room. I felt like I was back at the casinos when we got back to our room.4. The location of the property wasnt that convenient to the strip, the shuttle bus didnt start until 8:30 am and could be a little slow. I am an early morning person and since I was still on east coast time, 8:30 was too late to wait for a bus to get my day started. Beside I didnt want to eat breakfast every morning at the GD. We took a taxi every morning and on Monday, I decided to walk  it is a good hike to the strip. Since Vegas requires a lot of walking (if you dont rent a car), I would recommend staying at a hotel on the strip (or rent a car).Bottom line . . . if you are not a time share owner for wyndham properties and you are just looking to book a hotel in Vegas, I would recommend an actual hotel on the strip. When I go on vacation one of the things that I like is a little bit of room service (i.e., lite clean up, bed service, etc.), which is not going to happen at a time share and particularly not at this place. On the positive side, we stayed in one of the small one bedroom suites, it was nice, but we didnt use or need the living room/kitchen. Each room does have a W/D which is nice for longer stays. I am glad most enjoyed this hotel but I wonder if they are timeshare owners.	
May 27 2007 	i was 4 days ago .. .... its fine ...	no its not the four star luxury of the major hotel casinos in vegas .. but i didnt pay three hundred dollars for a room i barely used anyways like i did the night before . i saw not a single bug .. and had the back window open all night and no garbage truck pulled up . this was on a monday night .. its an older motel but the room was clean .. the property kept up . the only thing i could see is in the hot summer the a /c unit may not be good enough .	
	Thanksgiving break	Hotel has perfect location: 2 minutes walk from Pier 39. Great price/quality ratio, nice design which makes you feel really on vacation - not on business. No free Internet in the rooms - lobby only, food and drinks are pricy - but there are plenty of places outside - so it's not a problem.	
Nov 6 2009 	Fantastic value for money	I was a little dubious to stay in this hostel after reading some reviews, but all my concerns were misplaced once I got there. I booked a private room with ensuite, and this is exactly what I got, it was a room on the top floor, a corner room surround by windows, loads of natural light and views of downtown San Francisco , plus a microwave, TV and fridge in the room. The Bathroom had original tiles, and an authentic claw foot bath tub, with original cast iron radiator. Great!I have a feeling that the people who wrote negative review about this place, wanted delta/Fairmont standards but at hostel prices, which is simply not going to happen. You get what you pay for, and I had a fantastic, light airy room with a ton of original features. That was quiet at night, secure and clean to a hostel standard. Yes the room could use a little tender loving care, the bed sheet had a pen mark on them and the shower could use a more consistent stream of hot water, but I paid just under $75 a night for a great little hostel in downtown San Francisco. This place is a real bargain and a gem of a find.	
Feb 26 2009 	Step Back in Time and Relax !	The Archbishop's Mansion was converted from the Catholic Archbishop's residence to an awesome Bed and Breakfast. All the furnishings take you back to the glory days of when this was a powerful man's home. My wife and I kept waiting for Richard Chamberlain (from the Thornbirds mini-series) to round the corner and greet us !!! The location is great. I'm sure all of you have seen at least one episode of the show &quot;Full House.&quot; The opening scene, with them having a picnic in the park, was filmed right across the street. The staff is very attentive and the breakfast muffins are the best we've ever eaten. The Mansion is a very romantic and relaxing place to stay. This B &amp; B is a little slice of heaven in a busy city.	
Nov 1 2009 	Not as advertised! Dirty worn and in disrepair! Don't believe the photos on the website!	Got a recommendation from a colleague; she must've been staying in the one nice room! Ours was filthy (paint worn through on the toilet seat) and in disrepair (ceiling tiles falling out, carpet worn and stained). Rickety wicker furniture and no room to turn around...linens sparce and worn. Bathroom vanity door was made of chipwood, swollen and would not shut. Couldn't get out of 1st night booked - but we paid the $15 fee for getting out of the 2nd night we had reserved. Glad I was with a friend and we braved it, but got out as soon as we could in the a.m. Left a light on all night for fear of bugs. TV was a 9 inch model. Room smelled musty. Could've been charming with lots and lots (and I mean lots!) of work/remodeling. Noisy. Parking was 1.5 blocks down, and scarey to get to...and we worried about leaving the car.	
Oct 15 2009 	Alcatraz is more appealing	I checked into this dump last Saturday with 2 friends - it was horrendous! The staff are the absolute rudest creatures I have ever come across! The Hotel is in a seedy part of town - and is quite run down and dirty. The smell in the room was appalling! - We stayed 2 hours and then checked out and went to another hotel. Alcatraz would have been cleaner than this dump and way more appealing!	
Oct 12 2009 	Clean low budget hotel in good location	I was looking for a cheap central place to spend a week. At a weekly rate of around $ 250 this market street location was a good choice. On the same side of market street with recommended restaurants &quot;home&quot; and &quot;zuni&quot; it is close to also zagat-approved burger-joint &quot;burgermeister&quot; (meaning mayor in german) and a 24hour giant safeway. Do not be fooled by the carpet on first floor - it is rather awful but the worst part of this place. My room on 1st floor all the way in the back (room 21?) was clean, quiet and recently touched over with paint. As are bathrooms and showers - clean and recently painted. TV was there and working okay if not brilliant, and there is supposed to be free wifi internet access - though not working at the time. But there is free access at the safeway - around the clock!So go there and enjoy your stay!	
Oct 25 2008 	Stay away!	I was in SF last year to study for a couple months. The school people chose this hotel for me, saying it was ok, not 5 stars, but decent, lots of foreign students, long term residents, etc... [--]! They forgot to say that the &quot;long term residents&quot; included people on parole, ex-cons, etc... not my kind of ideal student trip to SF! Not to mention the &quot;hotel&quot; itself is hedious, old, dirty, with a disgusting filthy bath; dust all over the room. I couldn't barely sleep, because the matress was probably at least 40 years old. Do I need to add it was dirty and smelly as well?I guess even homeless people (who, by the way, gather in the neighborhood) could stand this hotel. They deserve more than this!Stay away! I couldn't stand it more than 2 days. The new hotel the school book me in was not that good as well, but at least I felt secure there.	
Nov 1 2009 	Stay Away!	This hotel is HORRIBLE! I can deal with old but, it was dirty, the lights in the room flickered, it was dusty, the carpets were literally worn out with visible &quot;waves and folds&quot; in them. It didn't appear to be secure at all, the room key was an actual key. The hangers in the room looked as though they picked up a bunch from a .99 store; they were all different colors. The &quot;front desk&quot; was approximately 10 square feet with the clerk in a wrinkled white colored shirt watching videos on his computer screen. We checked in and checked out approximately 15 minutes later. Save your money, go elsehwhere. I recommend Best Western Tuscan Inn near the Wharf!	
Nov 14 2009 	Adequate but get a room on a high floor and at the back	An older hotel with outdated decor (think red bedcover, large round mirror in the room for the Queen, photos on the website not really what our room was like). We were on the 2nd floor facing Geary Street which I believe may be the main route for the fire brigade! Extremely noisy, we were woken up several times during the night by this. Hairdyer also didn't work in this room, and shampoo bottles etc were half empty from the previous guests. We mentioned this the next day and were moved to a higher floor (5th) still facing Geary Street, but much quieter and nicer decor as well. No air con, but windows opened. Sometimes difficult to get the staff's attention as they run the diner/restaurant next door. Big bonus is the great location. Just a few blocks walk to Union Square and the cable car, bus line etc and free internet as well.	
Jun 29 2009 	A night in the past	Only spent one night - but it was well worth it. Just the ability to sit in on a comfy chair and relax with a glass of wine after a hectic day was great.The bed was very comfortable. The kitchen was fully equipped.The breakfast buffet had a nice variety, and the staff was very accomodating.	
	Perfect for the money!	The Room we had was clean, newly renovated, with LCD HD TV and free Wi-Fi.There was an ergonomic office chair at the desk, fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and plenty of electric outlets.If there had been a swimming pool, I would have rated it five stars. Excellent Deal!	
Nov 10 2009 	20+ years staying here and it's still great	Being a tourist in SF, this is an excellent location for me on Lombard, since I usually arrive &amp; depart via the Golden Gate. I simply leave my car in its own little garage, &amp; take the bus or BART, or even a cable car. When the Loma Prieta quake happened in 1989, &amp; I saw the damage in the Marina District, the Marina Motel was my first concern. Thankfully, it's still here, &amp; still kicking. There's something about staying in a 1930's Mission-style motor court that really feels right to me, and I usually am able to get a room without direct contact with Lombard. I just wish that Monroe's Steakhouse was still open. Oh, well, there's always Tadich.	
Nov 17 2009 	"The worst hotel I have ever stayed at." - World Traveler	The reviewers who rated this place higher than two stars did so because of the hotel's location. Let's not give credit to a hotel for the development of its surrounding community. This hotel is bad and is not a value at the price of about $70 a night (+ $22 per day parking).As soon as I opened my room's door the smell of dirty old man body order pierced through my nose making my eyes water. On the floor was an open box of trojan condoms, an open bag of chips, and a pretzel. This place is not clean. The walls are super thin, so you can hear large trucks pass by the building and workers yelling outside early in the morning. A patron uptairs kept walking around all night and I could hear every amplified step. They have these old radiators that crack and hiss all night even if they are turned off. Forget about sleeping at this place. Oh and their linens are dirty and torn. Don't be lured in by their nice photos either, they must have used a wide angle lens to give the impression of space; these rooms are tiny. Their showers are as tiny as coffins so don't drop the soap because you'll twist like a contortionist to recover it.I've stayed in cheap hotels all over the world including in tijuana and I can say that any hotel in tijuana will beat this hell hole of a hotel; the location does not make up for this horrendous hotel experience.	
	Its a budget hotel in a good location	Well I had to go to San Fran recently, a friend of mine was having a party and I needed a hotel close to his location. Essentravel.com came through again with the Spaulding hotel with rates under $70 a night. Now lets be clear, for $70 a night its not the waldorf. The floors were a bit dirty, and the bathrooms needed work also. But it was quiet!! And in a great location. I got a good nights sleep, had to go outside for breakfast but no complaints. So again, if you need a no frills hotel in San Fran, then give the Spaulding a try.	
Oct 26 2009 	Avoid try somewhere else	in a word....AVOID.I am staying here for 5 nights paying almost 800 bucks for a king spa suite. Well day on after a 17 hour flight i look at the depressing reception hoping things are better upstairs well i was wrong. Given my room card, not told where to go, where the lift is or where the room is. Get to my room, its hot stuffy and smells funky, check the bathroom, no spa bath as advertised. Crappy TV, no wireless internet even though it was advertised and i asked the guy on the desk and he said it worked. SO i go down to see why the Internet wasn't working and was told it is and the guy shrugged his shoulder, then i ask about the bath and he said 'yeah so what do you want me to do' . Tired as I go back to my room, play with computer still no Internet, go down and tell the guy that i will be looking for another hotel.Left for about 3 hours come back and the guy says he has to apologise and offers me the room above, he says it has a bath, still no Internet. It does have a better TV, he also says he can call in a technician for the Internet but they wont be here tilll Monday. I accept, there is a big conference in town, no rooms available, (i booked this room ages ago).Anyway get to new room, 30 mins later the cable TV turns off, the guy downstairs said it has been playing up, they are waiting for the repair guy. The bath doesn't have spa, its just a little bath. Pillows are terrible, no air con. Very noisy from road and nightclub downstairs. Coffee machine in room has cups that are two big to go in, so first time i used it boiling coffee everywhere. The kitchenette doesn't have any plates or cutlery. The halls look like something out of the shining. The young ladies who clean the rooms are friendly, the desk guy not very helpful. The tea and coffee station doesn't get refreshed daily. Also found blood on the bedspread. The room is a good size though and the bed was OK, but did have to remake it each day cos the cover over the mattress is always creased. Oh yeah, one night got in at 4am and the door downstairs was open, noone on the desk, so anyone can get in and to the door to your room without a challenge. How safe is that!!!!Please note I am easily pleased, don't stay in posh hotels and don't feel value should equal crap.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great location in SF	The location was convenient, and our room on the 5th floor was clean and quiet, though a bit small. The free wifi was great. There's only complimentary coffee and tea, no breakfast. Unfortunately, the water temperature in the shower/tub was hard to control, and a few times the water was too hot. The hotel parking was $21 per day, no multiple entry, so we parked at the AMC 14 up the block, where parking was $19 per day, multiple entry. My favorite of the nearby restaurants was A La Turca for reasonably priced, authentic Turkish food (great eggplant-bell pepper-yogurt appetizer, meat combo dish, Turkish pizza, Turkish tea, and baklava). Walking in the neighborhood at night seemed safe, both alone and together, but as with any big city, it's best to take precautions.	
Nov 21 2009	Pleasantly surprised	My daughter and I were in town for three days to find an apartment for her. We wanted to be near Union Square but didn't want to spend a lot of money. I chose this hotel after reading the reviews and was expecting an old, musty hotel. We were pleasantly surprised to find the hotel very well maintained, perfectly located and although there was a bit of old wood smell, what can you expect? It's an old hotel. The bed was very comfortable; the bathroom was clean; the continental breakfast left a bit to be desired, but all we wanted was coffee anyway. I have just booked a second stay for a friend and would recommend to any one wanting to be near everything without spending a lot of money	
	Nice location - but not up to Hyatt Regency Standards	Pros:- Outstanding location on Embarcedero Drive and across from the Ferry Building- Large &amp; Beautiful Atrium- Large RoomsCons:- Rooms are dated, worn out- Bathrooms are not clean- Service was adequateWe stayed at the Hyatt Regency in other cities and I would like to say that this is a nice hotel, but not quite worth the price to stay. The initial impressions of the hotel were good, an incredibly 10+ story atrium with hanging lights and global ball greeted us. The hotel location is superior with a close walk to Chinatown, Financial District, and Fisherman's Wharf. However checking into our room, I must admit that the rooms were sub-standard for a Hyatt Regency hotel. The big problem we had was with the old, worn out look and feel of the room. The carpet was stained and rough -most likely because it hadn't been replaced in a while. The bathroom fixtures were old and an eyesore. Old fixtures and noticeable hair in the bathroom didn't leave a positive impression. It didn't help that the dim lighting in the bathroom and entry way didn't give the room a &quot;bright&quot; look. Bed sheets were rough and not the typical &quot;fluffy&quot; high-thread count for linens. The room was really a big downer. We didn't try many of the on-site services except the fitness room and it was very bare with a couple treadmills and reclining bikes and light weights. The new Stay Fit fitness center wasn't opened at the time so the fitness facility could be better next time.For the dollar's worth, I wouldn't recommend the Hyatt Regency. If any reason, you would want to stay here for the location but that's pretty much it.	
Nov 25 2009 	Good Eco-Friendly Hotel	I stayed here for a week in November 2009 on business. The hotel was about a 20 minute walk from where I was working, so it was convenient. It's also about 10 minutes or so from Union Square, so it's basically halfway between what I'd call &quot;work&quot; and &quot;play&quot;.I was in room 320 on the 3rd floor of the hotel (not the courtyard), and while the room was the not the biggest, it was clean and comfortable. I wouldn't want to spend an entire day inside, but for sleeping and the occasional room service order from Good Pizza, it did just fine.There's not much nearby in terms of food, but Custom Burger is just across the street and has some pretty killer sweet potato fries.The staff were always nice and courteous, my room was always clean, and I never had to worry about running out of toiletries or amenities. Since this used to be a Best Western (or something), the showers did feel a bit dated, but that's about it.Overall it was a good experience, and I'd definitely recommend the Good Hotel to anyone working nearby for a few days. However for longer term travel, or for someone who wants to be able to relax in their room, I might recommend a slightly higher-class hotel in Union Square.	
	Absolute best place to stay in San Francisco	In all of our travels, our stay at the White Swan Inn, San Francisco, was perfect. The staff was always extremely attentative and helpful. The hotel's ambience surpasses all others. Beautifully appointed rooms with antiques, fireplaces and lots of extra ammenities. The Inn is centrally located to all important SF sites. Everytime we have the opportunity to be in SF, we will always stay at the White Swan Inn. Price for value cannot be beat. I honestly cannot think of a thing that would have made our stay better.	
Nov 24 2009 	Nice Hotel Service So-So	I stayed here for two nights on a business tip in early November of 2009. The interior is warm and inviting and definitely of that chic San Francisco style. The front desk staff was friendly (a little bit annoyingly so), but it was a little bit perturbing that though I arrived around noon after having traveling for 6 hours that I couldn't check in until 3pm to take a nap, though I'm reasonably sure the rooms were empty. Wifi is free in the lobby is free but $12/day in your room if you don't join their &quot;loyalty club&quot; which isn't that big of a deal its just subscribing to their email update list.The concierge/bell hop just looked at me like I was speaking an alien language when I asked if they could call me a cab so I could meet my friends for dinner. I definitely think their service could have been improved a little bit.The rooms were small, but understandably so in an older building - very &quot;european&quot; in that sense, but it was fine for a solo traveler. I'd stay there again, but only with one or two people in a room. Not one for the kids.	
	Had every intention of staying there	Booked in for 4 nights into what I thought would be a King Superior room. With hindsight having checked our reservation email carefully, it states a King Interior. This is something I would not have gone for, but it says it on the email and I missed that.On arrival, we were given a room on the 2nd floor right at the back of the hotel, the room was not very big but was nicely furnished and clean. The view was of a back courtyard only. I suppose this is what they call a King Interior!After some time that day, I did go and discuss my disappointment with the room, it's location, view or lack of it and in fairness to the Hotel, they did offer us alternatives, upgrades at no cost and even a room at their sister hotel up the road. I praise the Staff for that.Sadly, the initial contact/room at the Hotel had made its mark on us and we wanted out. We left the Hotel to consider a refund on our accomodation pre-paid bill and went for a walk.Lets consider the room they put us in.......no view, small, on the 2nd floor in the back corner of the HotelWe went into the Marriott, a couple of blocks nearer Union Square and for $70 cheaper than Orchard Garden for 2 nights and $2 cheaper for the other 2 nights, we were able to secure a room much larger, on the 19th floor with a wonderful view and even better furnished. They even threw in Exec Lounge facilities on a couple of days.Back at the Orchard Garden, they eventually agreed to refund the last 2 nights accomodation which I accepted and promptly moved to the Marriott.For what we initially paid for the room the Orchard Garden initially gave us, this was NOT value for money. Yes we did accomodate the room, no we didn't stay long enough to sleep there. If you read this review you need to take that into account alongside previous guest reviews.	
	Great location wonderful staff best place to stay in San Francisco.	Staff was willing to help with anything, great maid service, clean rooms, perfect location.	
	A wonderful hotel! Beautifully designed comfortable well-groomed helpful staff	We so thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Hotel Drisco. Situated in Pacific Heights, this hidden jewel sits among many Heritage buildings/homes - well worth a stroll to see the stunning architecture. The rooms have been re-designed and updated in keeping with the age and character of the building. A complimentary breakfast is served each morning, as well there is a sitting room where you can enjoy reading a book/newspaper and tea &amp; coffee is served all day. The hotel is quiet, comfortable and the staff are kind and helpful. I am looking forward to my next trip to San Francisco - The Hotel Drisco will be my hotel of choice.	
Oct 19 2009 	Beautiful but expensive hotel in the centre of San Francisco	We originally only booked a room for one night but we enjoyed it so much, we decided to stay another night! The staff, atmosphere, room quality was amazing, the rooms were spacious, and very elegant with a four poster bed. The first night, we decided to eat at the hotels restaurant, big mistake! The food portions were so small, we decided to have all 3 courses, especially dessert to try and fill us up, but we were left hungry afterwards. Check the photos we posted of our meal! The second night, we dined at a nearby thai restaurant, which was about 1/4 of the price and delicious (and filling!) Hotel Majestic is extremely expensive, but if you have the money to spend, it's definitely worth it!	
Jul 1 2009 	Errrr....I wouldn't recomend it....	Well, this past june my hub &amp; I spent 4 nigths at the hotel. First thing that surprised me was they did not do the room any day! we actually had to do the bed ourselves, and did not give us clean towels at all, nor cleaned the bathroom.It is true that it's near almost everywhere you want to visit, but, otherwise I would not go back ever. By the way, the &quot;breakfast&quot; is just coffee and one pastry, if you are lucky enough to get one before they run out of them.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location for shopping and touring downtown SF	Needed to book a quick overnight in San Francisco when I found out friends were going to be in town (I live about 30 hour away). Didn't know much about this spot, other than the location, but decided to book it anyway. The gamble paid off! The location was excellent, within the same block of the Westfield Shopping Center (Bloomies, Nordstrom, etc.) and a short walk to SF MOMA, Union Square, etc. Parking was easy. The room was a decent size for downtown SF, and were furnished well. The front desk people were helpful and knowledgeable. Two drawbacks...most of the building windows do NOT have good views (since this is tucked in between some other downtown buildings) and the we did hear some noise from a local club...take your earplugs to be safe! The bottom line is that I will still consider staying here the next time I need a well-priced, well-located hotel.	
Oct 8 2007 	What do you want?	If you want a fancy hotel room to while away your time in - this is not the place.If you want a decent and clean hotel room in the best possible location in San Francisco - you'll love this place.Yes - the building exudes all of the charm that only a 100 year old building can - but the club is spotless and the staff can not be more accomodating. The rooms are sized appropriately to customs of 100 years ago - but they have recently been redecorated and are perfectly acceptable.The Club is located at the intersection of the Powell Street and the California Street cable car lines. Nearly all of (touristy) SF is downhill from here and just a short walk from a cable car line. Couple that with a room rate of at least 50% less than any nearby hotel and you cannot go wrong.Yes - there is no air conditioning - but we were there during a particularly warm spell and the room was fine. Yes - the rooms are on the lower floors of the building and there is some street noise - but mostly it's the bells on the cable cars and they don't start until after 6AM anyway. All in all - for the price - you cannot go wrong. If you really dislike the accomodations - moving to the Fairmont is a walk across the street... For a central location to explore all of SF at a great rate though - look no further!	
	location location location!	This hotel almost has everything you'd want in a semi-budget boutique hotel - fantastic location, great rooms at a reasonable cost. Things missing - computers with internet access (though they do have free wifi), and a decent breakast, but these are minor quibbles. Water pressure isn't great and it is very noisy - don't stay here if you're a light sleeper! Staff aren't especially friendly but all that aside, for the price, it's a great place for a few days in san fran.	
Nov 18 2009 	Valentine's Day	I love this city and this trip! The hotel was great, guess which celebrity room we stayed in?	
Oct 12 2009 	Low cost free parking centrally located noisy	The staff was friendly and the free parking was great. Room was pleasant and beds comfortable. Refrigerator but no microwave. Ordinary tea and coffee in the room. Towels okay. I did not like the bathroom as it reminded me of a gas station and it seemed as though they stopped remodeling in the bathroom (room 303). Old dingy beige tiles with the caulking missing, shower was off yellow fiberglass with caulking missing, no heater in the bathroom and the toilet was industrial with pipes jutting out of the wall. Cable was very basic. I would not use the shower and waited until we got to our next hotel that had a nice marble shower and tub. We entertained ourselves laughing at the muppets and weirrd low budget local cook shows since there was really no good cable shows to see, just very basic TV. Beds were very, very comfortable with cozy linens. Nice heater in the room. Good place to drop the body for sight seeing if you are not fussy about bathrooms. View in the distance of the Golden Gate Bridge. Close to the Warf, North Beach, Presidio, and other tourist attractions. All in all good value for bargain hunting travelers who don't mind an old bathroom and sound of traffic, but you can't have everything.	
	good for value and location	Had a 4 night stay in S.F. and was looking for good value in a quiet location, and I couldn't have made a better choice. Not only was the hotel really clean and quiet as I wanted, but it was also right around the corner from Fillmore Street and Pacific Heights and Cow Hollow areas, which are really great to walk around in and for great boutiques and cafes and restaurants. The front desk staff were a little hit or miss, some were really nice and knew lots of good information, others were kind of clueless. But there were enough helpful ones to overlook the ones who weren't that great. My room had a king bed and a nice view with a window seat. There is a reasonable fitness center with equipment in good shape. Across the street are three bus lines that run downtown and right around the hotel are more bus stops to go other places in the city - very easy to get around on public transportation or on foot.	
Nov 23 2009 	Clean quiet rooms friendly staff great location.	I stayed at the Larkspur Union Square hotel recently for a business conference. The room was on the small side, but having stayed in other historic San Francisco hotels, I know that is par for the course with the older buildings. The Larkspur has been renovated well, the rooms were comfortable and well decorated. I found the room got hot in the middle of the night, but once I figued out how to turn the ceiling fan on, all was well. For its location, it is amazingly quiet -- Powell street has constant activity from buses, taxis, cars, pedestrians, and cable cars. As far as location, you can't get much better. The hotel is surrounded by a variety of restaurants, shopping, and transportation options. I found the hotel staff to be very friendly. They even kept my bag at the hotel for me after checking out, so I didn't have to carry it all over the city. I would recommend this to anyone staying downtown, and plan to return some day!	
Nov 21 2009 	The Steinhart is a hotel with a HEART	I have stayed in many hotels, all over the world. I've stayed at Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons....but I've never stayed at a hotel that cared as much as this one. My husband and I came to San Francisco with little preparation for a very sudden, very scary operation. I had to have a place to bring him when he got out of the hospital and it had to be comfortable and homey for his recovery. I also had to have a kitchen. I first tried another popular long term hotel and found it to be shabby and worn. We were so delighted when we checked into the Steinhart. While it is an old hotel...it is really beautiful....Lovely woods and fixtures....great old cage elevator and updated rooms with comfortable beds, flat screen TV's and a full kitchen. We had a room with a livingroom (Murphy bed TV, small dining table, sofa, chairs, etc.), large bedroom (with the flat screen, DVD +++) a kitchen with stove, microwave, diswasher, refrigerator, all dishware and cooking utensils, pots and pans. The manager, Peter Friedman is a saint. He has been so good to us. He's helped us in countless ways and always with a smile and compassion. He assisted me in long term parking for the car, transferring luggage back and forth to the hospital and extended many other little kindnesses and comforts for us.We stayed there before the surgery and are about to return tomorrow for two weeks of recovery. I can't say enough for the way the staff (at the Vertigo next door who takes care of staffing this hotel) jumps to solve any problem...This is the perfect place for a long term stay in San Francisco....A short walk to Union Square on a street loaded with little sandwich shops, coffee places, small markets (two blocks to a big one) and even gelato and pizza next door. Two doors away is a great sandwich shop with fresh roasted chickens every day. I felt like I lived in the neighborhood after just a few days. And did I mention, a laundry in the basement!Do not hesitate to stay in this lovely little hotel....it is just so charming. I am not the only one who thinks so......as I was checking in a young Brit was checking out and fervently thanked Peter over and over for his many acts of kindness. I think you'll love it here!	
Oct 22 2009 	Cute as a button	We stayed at the Hotel Del Sol with our three kids, aged 15, 12 and 9. We were there for 3 nights, in a &quot;Junior Suite&quot;. It was cramped for the five of us (with a rollaway), but hey, it's San Francisco - we only really went back to the hotel to sleep!The renovation and refurbishment of this classic 60s-style motel has been done really nicelt, with lost of sweet little touches - the mosaics on the doors, the handpainted globes outside the room.It can be a bit noisy with people walking down the corridor, so bear that in mind if you're a light sleeper. Breakfast is a bit tricky, with not really enough space for more than two or three people to be getting their food at one time.Overall, a lovely, cheerful place to stay in San Francisco, especially with kids in tow.	
Sep 17 2009 	The Reviews are right	Stayed at this hotel not long ago and must say every single negative review about this motel is absolutely true, however I dont let hotels define how my trip is going to be. The area is not too good but not far from where we wanted to be. We made the best of everything.. Yeah theres a lot of bums and druggies everywhere but talk to them, theyre not as bad as people make them seem. Anyway I had fun at my stay here. thats all.	
	great location within a great budget	The Park Hotel is *the* place to consider if you're ever in San Francisco on a budget.The hotel is located in a very good neighborhood, right behind Union Square. The south entrance to Chinatown is just round the corner down the street.As a solo female traveler, I felt quite safe walking back to the hotel even in the later parts of the evening. The hotel also locks the main doors at night, so it's quite secure.The thing i loved the most was the old-fashioned elevator in this building. Of course, Rodel and his team were also very nice and accommodating people. On the first night I stayed here, I was given a room at the back of the building which faced a back lane. It got really noisy at night all the way till past 4am. The next morning, I decided to ask if they could give me another room and to my surprise, they did so without any questions!They also gladly advised me on which public transit routes to take whenever I wanted to get to some tourist spot. (I had my very own tour guide! what a bonus :)). Thanks for recommending Haight Ashbury to me, Rodel. It was a very charming area to visit.The next time I'm back in town, I'll be sure to stay here again.	
Sep 28 2009 	The worst hotel I've ever seen	This was the worst hotel I've ever seen. It's so bad, in a very bad and unsafe location in downtown San Francisco. Tens of rooms share one and only ONE shower!!!! You also have to share toilets!!!! There is no service. You need to ask and change your SINGLE towel every day. No service to clean the room or do the bed. The breakfast was nothing: muffins and fruit. Honestly, my stay there was a nightmare.	
	Good Value good location - ideal choice.	We made a reservation here after taking advice from other Travellers from this site. Arriving after a 11 hour flight at midday, our quiet room over looking the court yard was ready for us. The room was not overly big, but clean and very comfortable beds, a great shower and very clean bathrooms. Nice decor and good amenities. Thoroughly recommend the Cafe Pescatore adjacent to the hotel as the food is very good. Ideally located to Fishermans wharf, the cable car, plus a supermarket across the road. Staff are friendly and helpful (they even bought us some English Tea with hot water).The wine reception is a great idea as it is nice to meet other travellers and great having access to the free Internet access in our room.	
Sep 19 2009 	Noisy sketchy no security and no baggage storage!!	NO security, NO screens on the windows, there are pigeons and pigeon droppings outside the windows and NO fans. There is NO baggage storage if your departure is after the 11a.m. checkout time. Smelt like cigarette smoke, very noisy (music blaring and people shouting in the middle of the night and early morning). NO staff working there after 5p.m., so make sure you have your room number and door code BEFORE you arrive.	
	PERFECT location and cozy yet modern design.	The incredible location and excellent service make up for the minor elements it lacks. It's located a block away from Union Square and the front desk staff was extremely accomodating, which won us over and will make this our new favorite hotel in SF. The hotel had a soft opening in late October and will eventually have a restaurant mid next year, but it's literally steps away from all the downtown action, restaurants, bars and such. We usually stay at the Westin on Market and although we have no complaints about it, the Crescent beats it in character and intimacy, plus I have to reiterate how great the location is!	
Oct 2 2009 	Yummy Breakfast 	When we first arrived. We had two choices stay at the Civic Center Inn or at Alexis Park. Luckily we choosed Alexis Park. Rate were very budget friendly and front desk staff was insightfull with helping us get around with Public Transportation. The place seemed newley remodeled, they also have a flat screen TV w/ DVD player. And may I add Free Parking! Pros: Great Breakfast, Great Rates, Free ParkingCons: No elevators	
	Very unique very memorable!	Loved the staff and the atmosphere at the Monaco! Very relaxing, but whimsical, with great seating areas throughout the lobby and lovely fireplaces. The wine reception at 5:00 was a great touch, and they even served hors d'oeuvre. The Grand Cafe was honestly the best food I have eaten, in a very long time and we have dined at some pretty extravagant restaurants. I highly recommend this hotel! Furthermore, great location two blocks from all the shopping!	
Nov 20 2009 	Mixed review	This hotel has some good points, but quite a few problems. First, they put me in a smoking room without asking and although I toughed it out, I wasn't happy. It kind of went downhill from there. The hair dryer was broken in the room. I requested a new one several times, but it never was replaced. And the walls were so thin, I heard my neighbor coughing all night long (perhaps he should quit smoking?). The restaurant is awful. I had an inedible dinner. And the wireless internet was about as bad as I have ever seen in a hotel...very poor connectivity.The hotel is fine otherwise. Clean, comfortable room, nice lobby, location - so, so. The best thing was the desk clerk who was very helpful and pleasant. And the price was right, got it on priceline for $79 a night. I would recommend for a person on a budget, but if you can, stay somewhere else.	
	Charming and relaxed.	Had a wonderful stay at the Inn at the Opera! Located across from City Hall and a nice walk to Union Square. The decor was charming and quaint, yet updated and classy. Service was excellent.	
Nov 24 2009 	Wonderful Place to Stay	We really enjoyed our time at the hotle. The service and food were wonderful. Our room was a good size and it was very clean. It located in a very good location and would def consider saying there again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Don't stay at this dump!	I booked this establishment for 3 nights in October 2009 using Worldpoints through their website. Wrote ahead to confirm. Upon arrival was shown what was obviously the night clerk's room. It was immediately adjacent to the lobby desk, and fronted the busy street. They had put up a paper sign &quot;Quiet Please! People are staying in this room tonight&quot;. The room was about 8 x 10', the bath had an additional entrance for the night clerk. The room was also used to store other people's luggage and even a wheelchair which could not be moved! It was pretty dirty and rundown. We left after a few minutes. On checking out another guest was told that her daughter could sleep on the floor, they would give her a pillow and blankets instead of a bed! I canceled my Bank of America Worldpoints Visa Card for putting us in this dump. Beware!	
	Clean and comfortable with a great price!	I spent my Thanksgiving holiday at this hotel. After seeing some negative reviews, I was pleasantly surprised by the friendly staff and clean, comfortable room -- with a view! Sure, there is some street noise -- welcome to the big city!!! Still, you are in a great location, with easy access to public transportation. The streetcar stops right in front of the hotel and the Bart and Muni are only steps away. I would definitely stay here again.	
	Not worth the expense - Dirty room Stains Scratched Furniture	We flew into SF for a extended family gathering in San Fran and the wine country. I have stayed at hotels all over the world and expected a clean well appointed room from this Japanese hotel chain. The lobby was impressive but if you really looked at everything it was chipped, scratched and in dire need of repair and updating. The room we were showed to had light colored carpeting which was extensively stained, the lamp shades were dirty and stained, and the furniture was all banged up. I asked to have a room change and they explained that the hotel was going through renovations and we would be moved to a room which had completed the renovation project. Well, TWO rooms later I just gave up and decided that this was going to be the condition of all rooms. They had tried to UPSELL us at checkin to the two or three top floors which were 'Nikko' floors for $89+/night. I didn't realize that unless you upgrade - you would get stuck!!!!	
	Hotel that makes you feel at home!	Conviently located in the heart of city. Excellent customer service, great bar and restaurant adjacent to hotel, several packages to accomodate customer's needs. We had stayed here before when it was the Maxwell and transition to new owners was excellent. The only hotel we will ever stay when visiting San Francisco!	
Jun 4 2009 	Great location accommodation 	We stayed here for 3 nights in May 2009 and found the location fantastic. On reading older reviews, I think they miss the point!!! This is NOT a hotel, they are apartments where people permanently live, and a few are let out for tourists like us. The location is very good, walking distance to the centre of the city and to the Port area as well, the BART and MUNI are only a block or so away as well.The apartments are spacious and well fitted out with a full kitchen for self-catering. The Whole Foods Market is an excellent place for healthy food and has a large hot servery as well where you can buy pre-prepared meals if you don't feel like cooking. Only criticism would be the beds could be a little softer and the pillows a bit better as well. But the service was great, we had a small issue with the television when we arrived, but after a telephone call, it was fixed the next day very promptly.When you compare the cost of staying here to the hotels in SFO, there is no comparison, this is a great value for money place, and having the cooking facilities where you can at least have a bit of a sleep in and have your breakfast when you feel like it is great.I think people are far too critical of accommodation venues in general and don't point out all the positives - and Archstone has plenty of those!! We would definitely stay here again should we be in SFO in the future.	
Oct 2 2009 	Clean and comfortable staff helpful great location	Booked the motel months in advance because it was near the Aquatic Park. Hotels were just too expensive and could not offer us a suite with a kitchen and plenty of space. Never stayed at a motel before so not sure what to expect - and then there was the bed bug incident! Greatly reassured by the managements response we arrived to find a clean and comfortable motel with excellent, helpful staff in an ideal location. The motel offers free internet access, free tea and coffee, clean towels every day, a lift, even a car park space had we needed it. We felt safe - from our balcony we could see 6 security cameras! The area struck us as safe unless out late - same as any city.There is plenty to see and do on the doorstep - lots of places to eat, corner shops for groceries, Safeway a quick walk away. Recommend the hop on hop off bus nearby to see the sights. Lots of local places deliver - India Curry House www.kennedyscurry.com has a pub attached so you can study the menu while enjoying a pint then have your tea delivered later on!Our only concern was that it wasn't very quiet - the motel was quite busy and if upstairs have big feet or loud voices you will notice! And there is traffic and fog horns most of the time - but it's San Francisco after all! The staff will also arrange an airport shuttle service at very reasonable rates.All my email enquiries were answered quickly and efficiently. We'd certainly go again.	
	Great	Arrived at the Hotel early afternoon having decided to move from a previously booked Hotel. The Staff were great found us a room on the 19th Floor with views of Nob Hill and partly of the Bay. The rates were very good value and included Executive Lounge access on 2 days.The public areas on the ground floor are large and well furnished.Our room was a King not too large but certainly adequate, the views as mentioned were quite good for downtown San Francisco. The room was well furnished, almost new, very clean with a smallish bathroom. It did suffer somewhat from noise from the room above, more from the bathroom than anything going on the in bedroom.The whole Hotel seemed well adapted for 4 star accomodation. Every member of Staff we came across was very warm and helpful, from the Bar Staff, the Door Staff to the Reception Staff.The Hotel is about 5 mins walk from Union Square, just one block away and is on the corner of Powell Street, therefore easy access to the Cable Cars. You could walk to Market Street for the Trolley buses in 15 mins easy. Never used the Bart so cannot say how far that was.We did not have dinner at the Hotel, we did try the breakfast in the Executive lounge but found Lori's Diner on the opposite side of Powell Street to be our preferred choice.I know we didn't pay for the Exec Lounge, which is probably a good job, because having stayed at many similar Hotels in the Marriott chain and other chains, we found the Executive lounge of poor value. Only open for breakfast and the evening, yes you did get access to a computer and internet free (internet was otherwise quite expensive), breakfast was complimentry but not a wonderful selection available, and evening snacks were very small in size and small in quantity and yes you could have free soft drinks and coffee but the glass of wine came with a cost of $8 per glass.We did use the bar are most evenings, quite unusually, because it seemed so relaxing with great attentive staff.There was parking and valet parking available at the hotel which we didn't use, I don't know the costs.Overall, excellant, 4 star accommodation and very good rates very close to a popular part of San Francisco.To get to the airport at the end of our stay, we had a private limo hire (Town Car, they call it) for $38 plus tips. Took about 30 mins.	
Nov 8 2009	Not really clean enough	We were a little disappointed in the room, as there was a ton of dust on the lampshades (I'm allergic so didn't sleep well) and a really old shower stall with quite a bit of mildew. Otherwise, it wasn't too awful. The staff were some of the friendliest and most helpful I've dealt with anywhere and the location was great. Actually, there were some really nice amenities. We needed a corkscrew, and they actually had a complimentary one at the front desk! We were able to print our boarding passes before heading to the airport, as they had a computer and printer available in the lobby. Had a soda machine right outside our room with reasonably priced water and drinks. There's a cool little rooftop lounge area. All in all, it was fine, but I probably wouldn't stay there again unless I knew they'd upgraded their rooms a bit.	
Oct 23 2009 	JDV Makes Another Splash!	I have come to trust that the Joie de Vivre hotels will be hip but won't break the bank! I was in San Francisco to see family and friends for a week. JDV offers seasonal discounts on longer stays, so I was able to get a great rate at this already surprisingly inexpensive (for San Francisco) hotel. So the first criteria, value: CHECK!Many people comment about the neighborhood, but I love the SOMA area! Are there homeless? Of course, this is San Francisco! But there are also thousands of residents, tons of great restaurants, a gourmet grocery or two and some of the Bay Area's best nightspots! The homeless won't bother you if you don't bother them - they're as much a part of the current San Francisco culture (for better or for worse) as any other aspect of the city. Once you get past their presence, the neighborhood has a lot to offer.In fact, the reason I love this location so much is that it's a block and a half from the BART / MUNI Metro station. I fly in, get on BART at the airport and then walk a few blocks to the hotel! No need to rent a car in SF - public transportation is consistent and convenient. And you can buy MUNI visitor passes for one, three or seven days at the airport while you wait for your luggage!The hotel itself: Renovated public spaces and (for the most part) rooms. It's all trendy retro, with a very nice attention to detail. There are three courtyards around which the rooms are placed, so most rooms have windows that lead out to the corridors - mine was one of the few that had a light shaft view instead, which I prefer to watching my neighbors come and go. Don't expect views from your rooms.The rooms are well maintained, hip, retro (and comfortable) furniture, with free wifi and all the basics! The queen bed was very comfortable. And the furnishings were so fun that I had to make every relative or friend who met me at the hotel that week to come to the room and see it! More than one compared it favorably with the style of the W Hotels.They have a burger restaurant on premises that serves a decent breakfast as well. Also, the Good Pizza parlor across the street is in a sister hotel, so you can order pizza for delivery (and it's more than good - it's excellent artisan pizza) and have it charged to your room!They have a workout room, an outdoor pool and sundeck, multiple social areas (courtyards, in and off the lobby, etc.) and a rooftop deck with stunning views of the city! There was a sauna listed on the maps placed on the room door, but I was never able to find it.I truly enjoyed my time here - a week is a long time to spend in a hotel, so it needs to work for me! There were only a few minor complaints:As has been noted, there is no air conditioning. But there WAS a ceiling fan in the room, and combined with the cool San Francisco air through the window kept the temperature livable.Also, their in-room coffee service is Maxwell House instant coffee with a hotpot, such as one would find in Europe. When I travel to Europe I bring my own coffee - looks like I'll have to do the same here.And finally, their room renovations were not 100%: while the living area is great, the bathrooms were neglected, with old tubs, tile and toilets. I know it's a big expense, but non-renovated bathrooms just put the rest of the room off . . . it's a shame, because they did such a good job on the rest of the updates.All in all, I'll stay here again and again - great location, comfortable room and great value! What more can I ask for?	
Oct 19 2009 	close to BART station for the rest very poor	We stayed here two nights just before going home. We had no time to search for a nice not too expensive hotel. Location near the Bart was essential for us. That's almost the only positive thing about this hotel. Ok, there were some free small parking spaces &amp; there was free (very slow) internet. Breakfast is very POOR. only coffee and juice, not even hot water for tea!We asked a non-smoking room, but they gave us a smoking anyway.The staff was friendly but they couldn't or didn't want to give us a non-smoking. The room was very old. The old furniture had dirty stains and holes.TV was old too. The noise from flushing the toilet almost gave us a heart attack. Thankfully the bed itself seemed clean. Traffic from outside was audible in the room. I had no problems sleeping but my girlfriend did. The neighborhood was bad too. Not suprisingly though because we did see a lot of beggers in San Fransisco.So, unless free parking and location near te Bart is essential, i would recommend staying elsewhere for just a few extra dollars.	
Apr 6 2007 	Adequate	It was adequate. I recently returned from a vacation around California and stayed in San Francisco for a few days. Although not as nice as most of the other places I stayed at, it was not as bad as some of the reviewers here claim it to be. A good eal for the price, but nothing special.	
Nov 21 2009 	Pleasant Hotel near Union Square	Great hotel close to Union Square, rooms were small but as you only sleep there they are great, good choice of places to eat all within walking distance and Starbuck's joined the hotel. All staff were friendly and keen to answer any question you may have. Would return to Diva when next in San Francisco.	
Oct 21 2009 	Update: Still a superlative hotel!	The Four Seasons San Francisco has recently undergone an enhancement in their guest quarters. As with any type of enhancement, the hotel was able to better position itself against other new hotel openings. Everything looks fresh in the room; although, there were minimal to no changes in the bathroom. I have previously reviewed this property and I have given the property high marks all around. I wish the hotel installed the small flat-screen TVs in the bathroom but that is more of a want than a necessity. The hotel was finally able to get a traffic signal at the end of the driveway when turning onto 3rd Street! It is now easier to leave the hotel because you are not at the mercy of another gracious driver who lets you turn onto the street. The hotels valet parking is upwards of $50/night which is consistent with most hotels in the area. I suggest unloading your luggage in the valet area and parking the car yourself at Jesse Square Public parking. The maximum rate is $25 per 24 hour period. Keep in mind there are NO in-out privileges and the garage is subject to a posted open-close schedule. If you need your car in the middle of the night, you will be out of luck. As guests of the hotel, you are allotted one hour of internet use in the Business Center dailynice to catch up on e-mails and the sort. For guests that wish to contact the Concierge prior to their arrival, I have found that catching them in the morning is better because during peak times, they are often inundated with calls from in-house guests/people in the lobby. I really wrote this review to dispel the notion that the hotel eliminated the Concierge. For a hotel of this caliber to do away with the Concierge would seriously undermine its ability to take care of their guests. The hotel simply merged the workspace of the two, independent departments. Each respective department carries out its own separate duties to provide services to the guests. While I believe the hotel is evaluating its options of whether to relocate the Concierge back to its original quarters, in the interim, not wanting to waste perfectly good space, the hotel opted to install a computer for which guests can print boarding passes. This is a hotel, like many businesses, that unfortunately is susceptible to the downfall of the economy and had to make arduous choices to remain competitive (and the Concierge move was one of them). On the bright side, right after you check-in or out, you can literally walk a few steps and talk to the Concierge to help plan a wonderful stay in San Francisco.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great hotel great location great times!	I stayed in one of Hotel Griffon's suites, and the view took my breath away. I arrived after a long, stressful day of travelling and seeing the view of the Bay Bridge lit up at night literally turned my frown upside down! After showering and using their eco-friendly products (big plus!) I stepped outside and realized I was walking distance to many popular San Francisco attractions: Chinatown, Little Italy, the Embarcadero, Fisherman's Wharf/Ghiradelli Square and the Financial District... just to name a few. Plus, the staff was friendly and their complimentary breakfast was perfect! I would stay here again in a second!	
Jun 12 2009	Better deals must exist in SF	I traveled here a long time ago, but never got around to writing the review. I stayed one night with my dad, because I had SF State orientation the next day. We basically wanted a place just to crash and it was within a day or two of SF Pride (aka like the biggest weekend of the year) and I booked pretty last minute. There wasn't a whole lot that was good at this place. It smelled funny and the elevator was pretty scary. It felt like it was going to break any second. The service was ok and the room was pretty small (I would expect that from a cheap place I guess)The area around the hotel was a little uneasy for a couple blocks. It was before I moved to the city and being a short, young girl, I would have been scared to be alone in the area. There are many budget hotels around, so I would say don't stay here unless you really have to.	
Nov 21 2009 	Hidden Gem	Best value hotel ever. Clean. Friendly Management. Went out of their way. We stayed 3 nights. They changed our room because they thought the people next door might get noisy and put us in a better room.Close to everything. and FREE Parking.Can be a bit of street noise but it's on a main street so no big deal.Will stay again. highly recommended. Ignore the bad reviews, they are old.	
Aug 17 2009 	Convenient clean helpful staff. Parking a squeeze but free.	Clean bed, rug, bathroom. Everything in working order. Room had desk, table &amp; 2 chairs and iron &amp; ironing board in closet. No view, close to highway. Accessible to major museums, shopping and parks. Good value for the money.	
Nov 13 2009 	My weekend trip to San fran	It is downtown and convenient for all the tourist destinations. All the cable cars, and public transport. However its extras leave alot 2 be desired.	
	The view on the top is the high light but you need weather's cooperation	This is a grand hotel. Not because of its size by current standard, but because of its high up location and the resulting view it provides. This hotel hosted all US presidents from Hoover to Ford, earned her the status of top hotel in San Francisco for ~40 years.The hotel maintained its classical elegance, kept a good balance between older look and modem functionality. The unbeatable feature of this hotel is its view of the beautiful San Francisco city. We stayed in a room on 12th floor facing Union Square; view from this room is already very impressive. Although not many people can afford to set their foot in the presidential suite on 18th floor, but one doesnt need to rubber a bank to spend a couple of hours in Top of the Mark restaurant on the top floor of the building. A near 360-degree view of the best part of San Francisco city is really breath taking. It may not be the most convenient hotel for business travelers. The hotel is located on top of the Knob Hill. The streets leading towards the hotel are so steep that no bus lines go there. Only form of public transportation serve the hotel is cable car, which is more a tourist attraction than a reliable transportation. Parking space is very limited and it costs $55 a day to park there. Besides, it is not convenient to go places in a city like San Francisco by driving. Taxicab should not be easy to find in rush hour because not many cabs want to cruise the steep Knob Hill and there are only a few spots available for cabs to stand by. The hotel does provide complimentary transportation service to financial district and union square district on weekdays, which I have no first-hand experience. It is an ideal hotel for tourists who are fit enough to climb a couple of hundred yards of steep hill. The hotel is served by all three cable car lines, which take you to Market Street, Van Ness Ave, Fishmans Wharf, Ferry Building and Ghirardelli Square. A 10-15 minutes down hill walking can take you to China Town and Union Square. Cable cars are not crowed early in the morning and after dark. Even during the busy hour, the California Street cable car is less crowed, in case one needs to go back up the hill in the afternoon to take a rest. A major part of the enjoyment of staying in Mark Hopkins is a visit to the Top of the Mark restaurant and bar, and, only if the ever-changing San Francisco weather is cooperating. In my opinion daytime view is better nighttime ones. We were extremely luck during this stay: marine layer was cleared by strong wind early in the morning, bright sunlight illuminated Grace Cathedral and buildings at a low angle, clear blue sky and Golden Gate Bridge in the back drop. What a million dollar view for us to stare at while we enjoyed our breakfast. We didnt have high expectation to the food, but it turned out much better than expected. OJ was very good; coffee was OK; fruits were fresh and there were plenty to choose from; pastries were good. On top of all usual suspects for a hotel breakfast buffet, there were an array of cold meat, more than 10 kinds cheeses and a variety of smoked salmon to choose from. There were even several kinds of Chinese dim sum with respectable quality presented in a bamboo steamer, to remind people this is a San Francisco hotel. The price for the breakfast buffet was reasonable at $28 per adult, $17 per child under 12 years old. Only thing strange was the bill has 15% for service charge and another 15% for service gratitude. Since the total bill is inline with our expectation and we were so satisfied by the view, we didnt bother to ask why there were two service items on the bill. Only thing we did was to cross the tip line on the bill. Is that a little bit outrages to ask for tip after charged more than 30% for service already? I gave a 5 for value because I got a very good deal, probably because of the bad economy.	
	High brow low perks.	The hotel is nice and has quaint rooms. We stayed in one facing the park. I don't know if this is supposed to be the quiet side since the trolley cars and a busy street are right below. The view was lovely though. There are a lot of people standing around to serve you for a price. You can only valet park. The man who stands outside is very rude we weren't sure what his title was but he was very condescending to my husband. The valet parking attendants drive your vehicle like it's a drag race and every time you go to get your car you have to wait a long time for them to find it and tip them everytime. The desk clerk failed to tell us there is only coffee downstairs in the lobby from 5am to 7am and there aren't any coffee makers in the rooms, or microwaves, or refrigerators. It's just a room with a bed and shower no perks at all. If you want to order coffee from the kitchen it's over $13 with tip and a delivery fee as well so plan on going without unless you want to spend $20 for a cup of coffee. They also have to deliver your ice to you so if you want a cold drink plan on tipping for ice delivery. You also have to tip the door person, the bell hop, housekeeping if they bring an extra roll a way bed etc. I have no idea how much we ended up spending staying here but if we'd have stayed at a midlevel hotel I am sure we'd at least gotten a cup of coffee out of it!I won't be back to this hotel. I was very unsatisfied with the lack of amenities. How hard is it to include a coffee maker in a room? But then they couldn't make $20 per cup I guess.The pool and spa close at 9pm as well. We never even saw it since we went out to dinner in the city. That was one of the reasons we stayed here because our daughter likes to swim. Children aren't allowed at the pool only over 16 years old.	
Nov 14 2009 	a great deal for the money all you need great staff good location	My husband and I stayed here for one night recently and had a very pleasant experience. The bed was good, the bathroom was clean and newly remodeled and all the basics were there including an iron and ironing board and hairdryer. Very nice for the price. The best part was the staff who were very gracious and helpful and the lovely Otis elevator--we were told to treat it was love as it was impossible to get parts for it. It is also very conveniently located near Union Square and the Bart Station.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good rooms. Great staff	Came to hotel without a reservation. Staff was helpful in giving us a great rate. We only planned on staying 1 night, but with all the great advice on the great places to visit and eat, we ended up staying 3 nights. The rooms were nice and clean, had all the amenities we needed during our stay. Free Parking. Walking distance to public transportation.	
Nov 17 2009 	Foreigners like it Americans think it's a dive.	Shared bathrooms and only one shower on each floor. The bed smelled fresh but the comforters are the kind that scare you. The hallways remind you of a guys dorm in college. If the whole place looked like the front desk, it would be fine. Maybe wait until they are done remodelling to stay here.I would recommend this hotel to people who love hostels and to guys who are in the city for the purpose of drinking a lot, want to have a good location and don't plan on sleeping much.	
Oct 24 2009 	Wow something special	We stayed at Jackson Court for one night only at the end of our trip. We wish we had gone there earlier. We were upgraded to the suite which was luxury. included a roof top patio through a door in the suite. Bed was sooooo comfortable. Furnishings classy. Bathroom older style but clean and with everything you would need.The common lounge area was beautifully furnished as was the small sitting room.Continental breakfast was included and available on the second level. Fresh fruit, juice toast, coffee tea etc. Help yourself. This area was also to make a cuppa out of hours.An afternoon tea is set up each day in the lounge area and is complimentary.Staff were helpfull when we needed to print out our boarding passes.Fillmore St, with buses, shops &amp; restaurants are a short walk. Only disadvantage is parking on street, OK 6pm to 8am free. with two hourly thereafter. so you dont have to move your car till 10am.Would highly recommend as the cost here was comparable to a 2* Inn in Lombard Street which was cramped and pre packaged breakfast items which you had to collect and eat in your room sitting on the bed.	
Oct 26 2009 	great location	The hotel is situated near China town, north beach and you can pretty much walk to the main sightseeing points. Not luxury but a very big bed! Quite thin walls so you can hear a lot of what's going on in the next room but apart from that I would recommend this hotel to the budget traveller.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Value for SF	I was a little wary about booking this place after reading some of the reviews but it was literally the ONLY place in the whole city that had a Saturday Night vacancy the night before! We got there and we were pleasntly suprised! The room was nice and clean, cable tv, microwave and fridge and clean modern bathroom. And it only cost us $80 including tax. Its not 5* but its definitely a good place to stay in the City if your on a budget! Lets face it, you don't really spend much time in your room anyway!This isn't a traditional hotel, its more of a long term room rental with people staying for weeks/months rather than days which is why it doesn't exactly have hotel service. It is run by an Indian or Pakistani family who are actually very nice if you are nice to them!I would definitely recommend this place as a clean safe base camp for exploring the city!	
	great comfortable hotel right in front of the farmers market	I have stayed at this hotel numerous times for both business and leisure. Great comfortable rooms and a fun bar. I love the lavender smell in the hallway.	
Nov 16 2009 	Never staying here again	Good thing I didn't pay much to stay at this dump. The walls were extremely thin and as soon as we got there, we could very clearly hear people having sex through the wall. The next morning I woke up to a blaring TV in the next room and someone getting high right outside our door. The parking is rediculous too.	
Nov 17 2009 	Good Hotel in a mixed location	For what we paid we got a good deal at Hotel Bijou, located just off powell street and mere 5 min walk from the BART/MUNI station.The service at check in was great - very polite and efficient reception staff. The first room we were allocated was on the first floor and as soon as we checked in we realised how hot and noisy the room was. We complained to the front desk and was moved the next morning when a room on the 4th floor came up - again reception were great as they organised all our bags to be moved while we were out exploring San Fran.The new room was much quieter but still very warm, we perservered and it did not end up being that much of a problem. As has been mentioned before, the area is a little dodgy - do NOT even think about using the shop over the road for a drink, I went in there and encountered all sorts of strange people and was then accosted by one of SF's many homeless people trying to sell me a cable car ticket.With the exception of the powell st/mason st area, San Fran is a beautiful city and if you can get a good price (70 a night) do not hesitate to book here but do bear in mind there is no air-con	
Nov 25 2009 	Fantastic stay - the best we ever had	We stayed here for 8 nights on our trip to San Francisco from Australia, and we absolutely loved it. From our arrival and check-in, to check-out, service was faultless and facilities were wonderful. We got a 2 bedroom apartment, with 2 bathrooms, and a fully equipped kitchen. All appliances were state of the art, and our room also had a Bosch washer and a separate dryer, which was really helpful. The apartment itself was very spacious, with large windows, automatic blinds, 3 large high-def LCD screens, cable TV with 100's of channels, DVD players - as well as a gas heater in the living area! We loved it so much we wished that we lived at Fairmong Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square. Also downstairs, there are 3 or 4 Ghirardelli chocolate cafe's and shops, which were fantastic. There are several restaurants as well as specialty shops at the Square, and it's only a short walk from the Fisherman's Wharf itself. Staff were fantastic, with the concierge doing everything he could to accommodate to our requests, from in-room dining, to arranging a in-residence masseuse for my wife. The Maserati town car was absolutely fantastic as well, as it took us to Union Square, shopping areas, or other restaurants that are a just a bit too far to walk to. There's a guest lounge area as well, with a high quality pool table and daily breakfast in the morning. We loved it, and so will you.	
Jan 21 2006	More Tenderloin not Union Square	Had a bad experience with the Clarion Bedford back in a 2001 visit to San Francisco. It was advertised as a three star hotel but as you can see from the pictures, our room was horrible. There were cigarette burns on the furniture, exposed insulation on the rusty pipes in the closet. Chips on the furniture and scuff marks on the walls and doors. The carpets were stained in the room and in the hallway outside our room. Not to mention, we had to walk past prostitutes and vagrants on our way from the Muni to the hotel. I see it is still rated as a three star hotel but after the experience we had, we'll never go back. I eventually got our travel agent to put us in a different hotel but we still wound up having to pay for the one night that we stayed at the Clarion Bedford.	
	Nice find good sized rooms classy great location	Good value in SF near Union Square. Very friendly staff, pet friendly. Modern hotel within a couple blocks of Union Square. Free breakfast, free internet, nice wine hour in evenings. Close to shopping, Metreon, restaurants. Would stay there again. Only knocks are $45 valet parking and smallish fitness center.	
	much better than expected and great value for money !!	we stayed at the wharf hilton for 9 days ; check in was very good and smooth even if there was no immediate upgrade( being HH diamond) possible due to a fully booked hotel . Checkin staff managed to get us our upgrade 3 days later as was promised but this was still a nice surprise. Our first room was on topfloor so hardly any noises from neighbours and nice view over part of san fran. Our upgraded room was on first floor so we had some noises from upstairs neighbours but that is to be expected in older buildings as these ! Hotelroom( both of them) itself was spotless , cleaned very well on daily basis and anything needed was provided by housekeeping. Maintenance was very good and all amenities were checked and supplied every day of our stay .All in all was this one of our best hotelstays in san fran in the past 20 years we are visisting the city on a very frequent basis .Our stay certainly gave us very good value for our money ! Breakfast buffet ( continental -) was very complete and fresh ; if one wanted warm foods as eggs or pancakes , there was a surcharge of 10$ but this we never tried .Restaurant is only opened for breakfast but choices to eat out are plenty in the area .Area around the hotel is safe and by streetcar or cablecar one gets very quickly to downtown san fran for shopping . Only minus observed is that some members of the front desk staff can certainly work on their &quot;people skills &quot;and should be reminded by mangement that they are in the hospitality business but that was the only minus for us .	
Nov 20 2009 	A great deal and a lot of charm!	My colleague and I were very happy to have found the Hotel Metropolis. We prefer to stay in more European type hotels and the Metropolis fits that bill. What does &quot;European Style&quot; mean to me? It means not the Hilton but warm and friendly staff, trendy decor, historic charm, unique ambiance, very comfortable beds and bedding, a clean and cute bathroom (although it is very small), clean bright hallways. Yes, the location is on the edge of the Tenderloin neighborhood, but so are luxury hotels like the Parc 55 and the Hilton Towers. We walked by some homeless people and panhandlers (unfortunately they are everywhere in SF) but did not consider them threatening. This hotel is a great price and great place -- try it!	
	Goodbye to an Grand old Hotel who has lost her lustre	After 10 years from my 1st stay at the Pickwick, it saddens me to write such a negative review. The hotel still gets top marks for location (5th and Mission), along with underground parking usually included in select park and stay packages. But the staff are slow and disinterested in a guests needs. We arrived the day after thanksgiving, and the lady at the front desk was barely alive. No welcome or assistance offered during our stay.Room 420 was a musty smoke smelling room. Facing the top of the adjoining building and humming AC units. Very tiny. We requested 2 beds since we had an older child. I think the rooms would seem bigger if they replaced the dinosaur TV's with Flat panels. Thereby removing the 'Armoire'. The TV's are small and by Zenith. I would not be surprised if ours was 20 years old. It amazes me that any hotel would still have CRT TV's. The energy savings are huge with the transition to LCD's.Anyhow, we called down for a different room, but the front desk lady said she had nothing available. Later in the afternoon, we spoke to a man at the desk and he gave us a King on the 5th St side. The new room 619 was fresh smelling, a little noisy being on the street side, but better than breathing in the mustiness in the other room.Same size as the previous. The toilet kept running. We called down and also talked to the front desk, but maintenance never came during the entire stay. We stirred throughout the night. Because this is an older hotel the ventilation is non existent. It is is self evident that this Grande Dame is in need of some serious redo. New furnishings ( drawers for clothes) and repainted rooms. The fact is that we are talking about a minimum of $1M dollars, and I do believe the current owner is not interested in spending a penny on updating. I swear the rooms are the same as when I first started staying there in 1999. If money were invested, rates would have to rise and then it would no longer attracted the cost conscious. We paid $250.00 total which included a room for 2 nights, 2 full breakfast for 2 mornings, in &amp; out parking under the hotel for 2 days. So, for the price and penny pinchers its great! But if you like a lot of space and also have kids, the Pickwick is not for you. Goodbye old girl. Had some nice times, but its time to move over to the Chain Hotels, such as Westin and Hyatt for the roomier rooms and facilities.	
Oct 27 2009 	Bedbugs	I live in the San Francisco area, and have stayed at this hotel several times for its great location. However during the most recent stay October 09 we had bedbugs. It wasn't a terrible infestation, but they were there. We saw three: 2 on the wall and 1 in my sister's bed. She had one bite. I understand it's a hotel epidemic, but the management needs to get this under control. We won't be back.	
Aug 21 2009 	you get what you pay for	The room was about the size of the bed, bedsheets and blanckets were filthy. Hallways were dirtry and poorly kept. The neighbourhood also is not the best in SF... you really get what you pay for.	
	Happy surprise in San Francisco	The hotel has a great location and good prize! Rooms are clean, breakfast is simple but good. People at the reception are not so gentle, but at the end it's not a problem...	
Oct 25 2009 	Give this great clean oasis a try - you'll be happily surprised!	My daughter and I are spending the weekend at this motel as I write. We were hesitant because of the low ratings, but due to the SF Jazz Festival, this is what we could find close by the Florence Gould Theater.We are HAPPILY surprised. I would give this sweet, clean little oasis a good solid 3! And don't forget it's right across the street from the beach, and a short walk up the hill from the Cliff House restaurant where we had a delightful dinner at sunset last night.Don't discount this one! It's a sleeper, IMHO.Peace and blessings, Rev. Kate	
Nov 2 2009 	Avoid like the plague	This hotel is a joke. Extremely Noise, dirty rooms, and double charged credit cards are just a few of their ammenities. Expect a side dish of rudeness to accompany it. These clowns double charged my Credit card for a one night stay, they argued with me till no end that they didn't, but they did. They are extremely rude to their customers, and the next time I'm in San Francisco I'll gladly waste a day and stand in front of this place and tell every possible customer/potential victim to go elsewhere.	
Oct 8 2009 	Roomy and free parking!	Although the Seal Rock Inn is further out than most hotels, I really enjoyed my stay. Walking distance from Cliff House, bath ruins and with views of the &quot;seal rocks&quot; it's very peaceful in comparison to the busy city center. Roomy accommodations (albeit a bit dated), some with ocean views. And- with free parking, it's a San Francisco gem!	
	Do not stay here!	Where to begin?....I can not believe how this rat hole is still in business(excuse my language). Instead of using the profit they receive from us unfortunate customers to upgrade and refurbish the &quot;hole&quot;, they instead remolded their lobby to attract unsuspecting tourists. I'm sure others have fallen victim to the one nice picture they show of this lobby. When i explained the lack of ammenities that i received and the discomfort that I felt, I was called a thug, a hoodlum (I was wearing a business suit), and was warned that the police would be called on ME! As if I was the source of the problem. My wife and I were given no &quot;continental breakfast&quot;, no &quot;free internet&quot;, no towels, no heat, no toilet paper, no service, and NO RESPECT! Please do not contribute to the scam they are running. Do not risk your health and sanity. Save yourself. DO NOT, DO NOT, DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Oct 9 2009 	Dont Bother staying here...The reviews say it all	Not very clean at all! Staff (when we saw them) were not friendly at all! No where to park and company that they recommended at a 'discounted rate' used our car!! Cleaner stole our fruit, no big deal right?? but if they are stealing fruit from guests what else is going missing? Trash can or (Bin) in bathroom stolen from holiday inn express...What does that tell you?? The best thing about this hotel was seeing it in my rear view mirror and from 20,000 feet!	
	Pleasant Surprise	After searching many hotel web sites, I chose Galleria Park. We did not want to stay at a large hotel, but appreciate the ammenities provided by them. This wonderful hotel provided them all. It is done very nicely in an Art Deco theme. The rooms are good sized &amp; clean with updated bathrooms , adequate sized elevators, free internet, in room coffee and refrigerators, very personable staff, a workout room, an outdoor 3rd floor terrace where you can jog or walk the dog AND NO GARBAGE TRUCKS in the middle of the night.We were able to park our SUV in a garage 1/2 block away for $30/day( no in &amp; out tho')	
Nov 23 2009 	We liked this motel	We decided to stay in this motel becouse of free parking, but we were pleasenty surprised that this motel is located in the hart of SanFrancisco (cable car stop only 2 blocks away), rooms were comfortable and clean. Only breakfast is poor, but you get a croissant and coffee...	
Nov 20 2009 	something you have to experience	Stayed two nights in the Phoenix with a group of 40 &quot;business industry friends&quot;.this is a rather different hotel...stayed in the past in hotels like Fairmont, Hungtington etc. and no way you can compare this hotel...it's true that the location isn't the best and probably also not the safest; I would recommend it for solo female travelers that like to do night walks, but I walked a couple of times there and had no problems.apart from that, the neighbourhood was quiet enough to get a decent sleep.the staff is very, very friendly. I checked in at 12 and my room was not ready yet. When I returned in the evening to check-in I got an upgrade to a King Suite.the room is probably more or less the same as when the hotel opened like 20 years ago. So let's call it vintage ;-). It was a large room, had most amenities except for a safe and for an A/C. So I guess on hot summer days, this might be a problem. Wifi is free but in my room (#61) it was sloooooow.there is a really affordable same day was/laundry service.the pool is small but great; they serve a free complimentary break-fast in the morning. (pastries, bagels, juice, coffee and tea, fruit)the bambuddhalounge is impressive and lively.so, it's one of these hotels you just have to try out; ideal for a short stay.	
Nov 13 2009 	plenty of room at a fantastic price for San Fran	The hotel is certainly not fancy and the furnishings are a little dated, BUT, the value for money is fantastic. We stayed in a family suite for one night while on transit to Australia and would have been happy to stay for longer. The suite contained a seperate king bedroom, master king bedroom combined with lounge, huge walk in closet and bathroom. It was great to seclude the kids at bed time and still have our own space - without being stuck on a sofa bed (or transferring the children when you go to bed) which is the design most often featured. The walk in closet featured a fridge and microwave which would have been useful if we were staying longer. It must be noted that the closet would make a great 'third' bedroom if you also had a baby/toddler in a portacot as their was ample room! The location is fantastic with restaurants and cafes around the corner, the cable car only a couple of blocks away and Ghiradelli Square/Fishermans Wharf an easy walk down the hill. The breakfast was very simple but it satisfied our hunger.	
Nov 25 2009 	Good value for money	Not the ritziest place you'll every stay but practical if your'e on a budget like we were.The rooms are nice and clean. Mini bar was well stocked and the location was good for our needs.Stafe were super friendly and i overall enjoyed my stay	
Nov 11 2009 	Rather stay in a youth hostel	Area is not the best, overpowering smell of urine in the entire building, walls so thin we heard next doors TV until 5am and a party going on somewhere in the block. Everytime a toilet flushed in the complex so did ours. Room was ok, but would not ever stay there again.	
Oct 30 2009 	OK value though shabby; good position.	I extended a one night stay to three. The staff were basically helpful when asked. My room was clean, comfortable, and daily serviced. I think the position is good for a budget hotel, near the Golden Gate theatre, right by Asian Arts Museum and Civic Centre. It's an old and architecturally atmospheric hotel.Negatives: it is very badly neglected. Things that might put you off are the need usually to ring the outside doorbell and wait to get someone to the unattended reception, unreliable breakfast availability (nil when I was there but I can see from other reviews that it can appear!), a very unreliable (but rather beautiful) classic Otis elevator, some very dilapidated corridors on the way to your room when the elevator is kaput, shabby though formerly elegant decor, homeless on nearby streets, though the street immediately outside was clear and felt safe and I didn't see any drug taking or pushing and I was never bothered anywhere. However, I rather liked both hotel and neighbourhood and felt it was OK value. One thing - when I extended my stay they raised the rate above the internet rate which was in the fifties to $70.	
Nov 17 2009 	Terrible customer service.	The Gaylord is where the cast of South Pacific on tour stayed, we lived there for a month. It may look cute, but the staff makes it a terrible place to stay. Not only are they completely inept at handling simple tasks like billing correctly, they are completely rude or just simply clueless when you try to discuss any discrepancies or problems or simply needs like new towels. Getting your mail was even an issue. Oh, and the elevator never worked. Bit of a problem when you are staying on the 12th floor.	
	Off the "spooky scary street".	The &quot;spooky, scary street&quot; is what my two kids called the street the hotel is on the corner of. And it is a little frightening... But the hotel is nice. Our room was beautiful and clean. The woman working at the front desk when we checked in and out was, Josette; A lovely French woman who was very nice and helpful. The night staff, was a little less friendly but helpful nonetheless. I forgot to buy plastic forks and spoons for the snacks we had in the room and the desk had someone bring them up for us.I requested a refrigerator for the room (it states it's one of the amenities but you do have to ask for one) and stocked it was PB&amp;J, milk, etc. so that the kids could have breakfast in the room. The hotel only puts out muffins and coffee in the morning so this way the children had something to drink first thing in the morning too.The beds and pillows were really comfy and after all our walking through the city, it was much appreciated. We all slept great especially after relaxing in the hot tub, which could have been hotter but it was still nice.The wireless internet never worked. It did the first day after technical support did something to let me into the network with a password, but it stopped working 24 hours later and I didn't bother to call and have them set it up again. That was a little frustrating since I needed to check times of our activities but since my phone has internet it wasn't that big of a deal for me personally, and their is a computer in the lobby.One thing I didn't notice printed anywhere was that the Best Western directly across the street lets you go to their gym and pool. They also have a bar inside. So during warmer weather you can cross over and utilize their pool. My kids wanted to try it, but the water was not warm enough.	
	Great time	We stayed at the Villa Florence over Thanksgiving weekend and the lighting of the Christmas tree on Union Square. We booked two rooms. Tony at the front desk was very accomodating making sure our request for king sized beds and quiet rooms towards the back of the hotel were fulfilled. The location of the hotel was perfect for shopping and grabbing a cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. Yes the rooms are smaller, but we did not spend much time there with so much to see and do. They were offering a $105.00 online special which we booked several months ago. We would definitely stay here again. The location is perfect for resturants and the service we encountered was very good. The only bad thing was that they wanted to charge extra in Valet for an suv insted of the posted charge. Thankfully the hotel manager took off the additional charge. I have never heard of being charged extra because your vehicle is bigger than a toyota.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great Location But Hotel is Very Basic	Our room faced onto a major road in the Marina District and was quite noisey. The furniture was quite basic and somewhat worn. If you got there early enough you get free underneath parking. I think we paid about $130 because it was located in a desireable area. Not too bad of a choice all-in-all, but i'd try to find a better place next time.	
Nov 19 2009 	Trip to SF	August while hot in most of the country can be a little chilly in SF. You need a heavy Jacket and long pants because of the fog that rolls in very thick. If you don't you'll be running to one of those kiosks that sell SF stuff and buying sweats and jackets. This happened to me while staying at the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf!	
	Gorgeous hotel	The Fairmont in Mason St is a beautifully well maintained hotel with a long and colourful history. The rooms are large and comfortable with fabulous city views. The lobby is fabulous and the photos and stories documenting the hotel's history are fascinating. Staff great too.	
Oct 30 2009 	What a dump	My boyfriend and I attended Woodstock West Fest on October 25th and stayed at the Beach Motel on Judah in San Francisco. It would never have been my choice to stay, even if I had to drive 25 miles to a better facility, but our associate had taken it upon himself to make a reservation for us and we were kind of stuck. I had a reservation at the Holiday Inn Express in Belmont for only $75 per night (weekend rate), and when I tried to explain to the hotel clerk that there was miscommunication between our associate and us, and that we already had a reservation elsewhere, and he rudely and adamantly refused to cancel our reservation without penalizing our associate for the full rate of $95/night. So we made due and stayed there, and the room was terrible. We could clearly hear our neighbors chatting in the room next door, could smell their smoke as if they were having a cigarette right in our room, there was no vanity in the bathroom (only a freestanding sink, toilet and shower/tub), there was no internet access, the decor was depressing, and the street car ran all night long and was extremely loud, as it was right outside our window. At check-out time, the hotel clerk came around like a drill sergeant evicting everyone and opening all the doors to every room after a guest left so he could keep track of who had vacated. The premises was run by a man of East Indian descent who had no clue how to treat guests like valued customers. It's not wonder the place was half vacant even though the Woodstock event was that day. I think I'd rather sleep in my car than ever patronize that horrible motel ever again.	
Oct 20 2009 	The worst hotel We have ever stopped in!!!	Not sure where to start really. The room was dated and smelly. The bathroom had what appeared to be bloodstains on the floor, the shower reminded me of a shower from Prisoner Cell Block H. The corridors were dark and dingy. It looks like this place has not had a lick of paint since it was built in the 1930's. Felt very unsafe. Were advised to always deadlock our door yet the deadlock was broken in our room. Would not stop here agin for anything!	
	Convenient location for tourist activities	We used Marriott points to stay at the Marriott Courtyard Wharf before a trip to Napa. For the price, it was wonderful (we did pay for an extra night too). Great location, walking distance to many tourist atttractions, friendly staff and nice rooms. I really have no complaints. Parking is expensive but that is expected in a city. You can park yourself for $32/day with no in-and-out priviledges or $39/day with in-and-out availability. Overall, a nice hotel with reasonable prices.	
Nov 25 2009 	Loved this hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights and was sad to leave!The staff in the hotel were extremely friendly and service was fantastic! paid extra to stay on the &quot;club&quot; level and it was well and truely worth it! The evening cocktail reception was fabulous, a fantastic opportunity to meet people and have a chat after a long day of sight seeing! The waiter in the Club lounge was probably one of the most charismatic people we came across in the US and he well and truly earned his tip each afternoon. By day two he had memorised our names and where we were from and told everyone that he spoke to!!! Would stay here again fo sure!	
	Basic - great location	This hotel is all about its location, which is perfect. There was nothing at all bad about the hotel, it is clean, the staff were good and it was quite quiet - our room was small but the bathroom was a decent size. It is basic but it never pretends to be anything else. A good place if the majority of your trip is to explore the city. All round very satisfactory.	
	Great location for a fine hotel.	We stayed for three nights over Thanksgiving. We chose an Executive room (higher floors) and were on the 12 floor - the higher you go the quieter the room. The street noise can get bothersome. Very clean and well furnished rooms - although we had trouble with the tv and the local stations not being operational (something to do with changing systems) The staff were cheerful and helpful at all times. They have a tradition to put out beverages near the elevators. Some days you can get some unusual teas and most of the time they have a bowl of &quot;cucumber water&quot; that is both different and refreshing. We would describe this hotel as very European, small, not very new, but very efficient with all the modern necessities.We would go back again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Grotty creepy stinky and dire !!!!	We stayed in this place with two friends recently and can only concur with the two previous reviewers. This place is not anything like it is described in the blurb - it is in a very dodgy area with homeless people and beggars all around. It is opposite a hospital and the traffic noise and sirerns are constant. The rooms were so tiny we could not unpack our suitcases without putting them on the bed. Needless to say we didn't unpack anyway as there was no way we were putting our clothes into the musty, smelly wardrobe. We must have been in the same room as a previous reviewer as our tv was on top of the wardrobe and the insulation on the pipes was falling off - or perhaps eaten by who knows what ? I wouldn't have been surprised to see vermin. Our friend discovered a ladder reaching up to a staircase window - perhaps the homeless people were sneaking in for a warm - could that have explained the smell ?????? Carpets throughout were stained and dirty and there was a general air of decay and neglect. The &quot;non frills&quot; wasn't exactly accurate as there was a surfeit of frills - all needing a good wash. This place is neither cosy, charming nor quaint. It is plain dreadful and rundown. If you are staying in San Francisco don't go to this hotel unless your standards are very low.	
	Clean enjoyable but definately room for improvement.	Stayed a few nights at Hotel Fusion. Great location, clean and does the job for a tourist who will be out for most of the day. A little bit of a funky smell, but goes away after a while. One thing is that the walls are paper thin, expect to hear many noises during your stay. But after all is said and done, the Hotel was a nice base for our trip, definately no Hilton or Marriott, but a decent boutique hotel.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good value	Nice little hotel in a great location. Not 5* but then you're not paying 5* rates. Clean, friendly staff and an easy 5 minute walk to Union Square.	
Oct 26 2009 	GReat place for the price	This was a nice hotel with some charm. The rooms and hallways look a little like they're from the 1800s. The rooms were snug but comfortable. Make sure you don't get a room on the street side because it's very noisy. We asked for a quieter room and they obliged. The neighborhood was close the Powell st street station and union sq parkk which are big hubs of activity. At the same time there were definitely some seedy characters and some (male) strip clubs around.	
Jul 6 2009 	DON'T STAY HERE	It was so foul we filled a complaint! the shower wouls not drain, trash was left around the room including an empty toilet paper roll, the remoate didn't work, there was a large burn on one of the bedspreads (non-smoking room) and a poor homeless man slept beneath out window.The owner became cross and shouted when we told him of the problems. He then offered $40 dollars off if we'd sign a paper saying we were happy with our stay. The Days Inn 800 number will give you a run around. I've waited past the date they told me they would contact me to resolve the problems. When i called this morning, they offered me $66 because, in the exact words of the young man i spoke with, &quot;I'd like to bury this case.&quot; No one is interested in inspecting the hotel and fixing the problems no paying guest should ever endure.Days Inn is not a bargin. It's a freaking nightmare!	
	Wow wot a lovely hotel	Me and my girlfriend spent 9 wonderful nights in this hotel and i must say it was one of the best hotels i have every been in.Very close to union square and the view we had from the 10th floor was beautiful staff was very friendly and will try and cater to ur every need.Room was very clear and neat and the bed is so big and soft and the comfort level is to die for and the coffee maker is so fast.Tea and sherry in the afternoon in the lobby is great after long days out.The only problem we had was a leak in the bathroom and this was sorted pretty quickly.Resturants and diners are a stones throw away and the food is great if it,s shopping u want designer stores and maceys are just on the square.	
Nov 23 2009 	Good value for a clean and comfortable room.	The location is good for this hotel in the financial district. It is close to the Embarcadero BART station, which makes getting around pretty easy. The rooms are comfortable but no frills. A nice touch is the free bottled water by the elevators and free wireless internet. A great value!	
	Great Union Square Location Exceptional Service	Very clean, great service and location. Close to the cable car turnabout and shops. Stay in the Studio suites if you are travelling with your family and the free breakfast promotion cannot be beat. The only negative is that there is not a &quot;private&quot; toilet room in the bathroom which is pretty standard when staying in a suite. Kids loved riding the glass elevators up to our 19th floor location.	
	San Fran is the Place!	I loved the location of the hotel along with the service inside and outside the room. It was great to be able to get everywhere I wanted to go by just walking out the front door. All the people were very hospitable.	
Nov 4 2009 	Brilliant Hotel Perfect Location.	stayed at this hotel for 5 days in aug 2008.loved everything about this hotel, room, location, on site restaurant.would definately stay there again.	
	Love this place!	My husband and I have been coming to this hotel for several years now. The location is excellent, the staff are wonderful, and the rooms are very comfortable. Lots of old fashioned charm. This hotel is like a home away from home. Also great access to shopping, North Beach, public transit and great restaurants.	
Oct 6 2009 	The place was great	I really liked the motel. It was very cute with paintings of San Francisco on the outside walls. The rooms were nice and clean also. The neighborhood was nice and safe. It was very convenient to many buses. We took the bus all over San Francisco. It is a short walk to the Marina, where there are nice running trails along the water with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. It is also a short walk to the Exploritorium and the Palace of Fine Arts. I stayed upstairs and it was quiet even though it was on a main street.	
Nov 9 2009 	Good hotel had a great stay. Wish all courtyard's could be like this.	Stayed here for a quick stay over in San Francisco. At check the friendly desk staff gave me a nice room with a view. The room was spacious, clean and well equipped. The only thing missing was a safe in the room. A large flat screen TV was present but the really cool thing was that the connections for the TV where available from a wall socket. So plugging in your laptop to play a movie on the big screen is easy ! The hotel is quite spacious and has a Starbucks attached to the entrance. There's a bar on the other side of the lobby as well. Also the lobby has a small outside square which is great to get some fresh air. The hotel is situated in walking (10 mins) distance from all the shops on market street &amp; union square. A shuttle server to the airport is available for $16 p/p.I'll definitely come back here again.	
Nov 7 2009 	My Favorite City	Great Hotel close to Moscone Convention Center for work and being downtown you are in walking distance to anything you want to do. 	
	Dont let the reviews full you	I booked this hotel based on the reviews. When I arrived to our room I was so disappointed. I have never written a review but I feel the need to do so. First of all the room, ours had a terrible odor, the carpet was dirty, the shower fixture was wrapped with tape, the comforter was stained and the worst was the sheets and bath robe had yellow stains on them. There were people smoking marijuana in the room next door and made the hallway smell. I dont know what kind of people wrote positive things about this hotel, but I will never stay here again.	
	The Presidio Travelodge proves to be perfect.	My husband and I traveled to San Francisco for a relaxing, romantic weekend and found the accommodations at the Presidio Travelodge perfect. From a free parking spot to gracious hospitality by the staff, we were consistently pleased with the hotel amenities. The hotel staff provided us with a list of current activities, restaurants, and transportation suggestions. I would highly recommend this hotel to any traveler seeking affordable and note worthy lodging, knowledgeable staff and the excitement of being in the heart of San Francisco.	
Nov 17 2009 	Fantastic Location free parking with good clean rooms	I booked this hotel because of other reviews I had read. What sold me was its location and the fact that it had parking. These two factors on their own make this a really good hotel. The rooms were clean and nicely appointed. I never require really plush state of the art rooms; all I want is a comfortable room with a good shower, comfortable bed and clean. I got what I wanted. At first I was a bit concerned when walking to my room. It was a little odd but once insider the room was very happy. i was even happier when i was told that there was 24 hour coffee available in the lobby (I'm addicted to coffee). the only downside to this hotel for me was the coffee was awful. In the mornings I used to pop out to the 7-11 or Starbucks to get my coffee. But, to be able to walk out the door onto Fishermans Wharf and the beginning of the best tram line in the city was fantastic. Of course, if you prefer to stay downtown then this hotel is not for you but it was for me!	
Nov 23 2009 	I Have Everyone Beat On Why Not to Stay Here	The trip was planned to be special, I was proposing to my girlfriend. The Westin St. Francis did it's best to ruin it. I prepaid, weeks in advance for a King Grand Deluxe, specified to be higher than the 22nd floor. When I checked in, the front desk attendant offered me a free upgrade to a suite in the older building, when I specifically asked about the view, he said it was limited. My girlfriend had never been to SF so I wanted a room with a view (only reason I picked the St. Francis), so I turned the upgrade down. Told nothing further and just handed the keys, I proceeded up to my room. Wow. It was on the 15th floor (it didn't hit me until I saw the lack of view), and it was anything but grand. The yellow wallpaper was peeling, and there was pubic hair in the bathroom. I have photos to share if anyone cares to see it. Now, I'm no prima donna, I just want what I paid for. I called the front desk, and it was confirmed that the room I was in was not what I had paid for. When I asked to speak with a supervisor, I was transferred to Morris Chu, who must have been dealing with many unhappy hotel visitors before me because he had the nerve to be confrontational with me. Can you believe that? His hotel sells me a pre-paid room which I cannot back out of without losing my FULL payment, and then doesn't have the room and he gets an attitude with me? Oh no, I am not someone who lies down when being attacked wrongfully. When I turned down at his oh so gracious offer to ONLY charge me for the lower category room I was given against my will, he told me &quot;well, you can check out anytime you want to.&quot; Wow. The only corporate email I received was someone who said nicely &quot;sorry, but feel better because we refunded you your charges.&quot; They did this because I checked out at 2AM, 3 hours after checking in. Gee, thank you so much for being so generous and refunding me my payment.	
Nov 9 2009 	Don't stay here	This place was horrible. It had a bad smell to it the paint was chipping in big clumps off the walls. There were spider webs in the room. Housekeeping does not do there job well. My tub still had hair in it from the last person and there was mold on the top of the tub. The next day I had to go get toliet paper and towels because they were not re-stocked. The manager acted like he could care less. My headboard was constently hitting the wall it was not nailed down. I complained but it wasen't fixed, and the best part is the toliet didn't flush well. The manager refused to give back any of my money and he still has money held on my card from check out. I wouldn't stay here again if somebody paid me to.	
Aug 10 2009 	You Get What You Paid For - Good Location	I paid $60 a night, not bad for San Francisco, but beware, there are a lot of homeless people on the block where the hotel is located, they will hound you for money, if you ignore them and keep walking.....There is always people on the streets, locals, shoppers, and a lot of tourist.....When you go out of the hotel, you must leave your room key with desk clerk.The rooms are small, make sure you get the own bathroom, if you get shared, you must go to end of the hall and use the community bathrooms. Bring your own hairdryer, they advertise in room, but did not see one.....Had to do without one....Skimpy towels too!!Elevator is kind of creaky!!The hotel is one-block from the Civic Center BART station and 4-block to Union Square and the Westfield Shopping Center(7-stories), they have a hugh Food Court in the Basement Level, ate there almost every day of our 4-day stay....They do have Belkin Wireless Hot-Spot in the Lobby only, FREE, the password is on the glass on desk clerk, it will not work in the room!	
Oct 19 2009 	Terrible place.	My husband and I stayed here one night for my brother's wedding. The location was convenient, and there was a bed in the room, but those are really the only positive things I can say about this hotel. Management that we spoke to was cordial, but not helpful or even particularly friendly. I got the impression that she would've been happier if we left her alone, rather than renting a room from her.The room was tiny, very dingy and dirty - my husband (who is in the military and regularly sleeps outside on the ground) said he didn't want to touch anything. The curtains on the windows in our ground-floor room did not close properly - they barely covered the windows. We got the impression that anyone could have looked right in, and we certainly got a lot of light from outside.The bedding was coarse and felt dirty.The bathroom was tiny and dingy - the kind of place where you don't want to put your toothbrush down on the edge of the sink. (there was, by the way, no place at all to put your toiletries, other than perhaps the back of the toilet. Which, again, did not inspire confidence).In all, we stayed out late at the wedding, and had to get up very early to catch a flight - never have I been so happy to wake up and get on the move after so little sleep!	
Nov 20 2009 	great funky hotel whether you are or aren't on a budget	I travel almost twice a month internationally and have stayed in everything from the mondrian in miami to the four seasons in paris and I thought the vertigo was a great boutique hotel with all the amenities you need without the cost. The bathrooms were brand spanking new, the linen beautiful and I loved the little art deco touches in the mirrors and the hors lamps. State of the art appliances and great size rooms. The staff were helpful and friendly even recommending a shuttle bus as a cost saver rather than a taxi. I would definitely stay here again, and wish that personality hotels were located in other locations and not just san fran! Well done to the owners and managers!	
Nov 22 2009 	Unpretentious 	We liked it! The Andrews is not a cookie-cutter chain furnished with tomorrows landfill. Its an old-fashioned, urban hotel that hasnt updated every single little thing.Staff was friendly (ask about their airport shuttle deal). Free glass of wine at the restaurant; just the house-pour, but still a nice touch. A satisfying breakfast with pastries (probably not organic but not overly-processed tasting either), plus fresh fruit, teas, juice, good coffee and real dairy!Our wrought-iron bed had crisp cotton sheets with extra pillows, a down duvet, and pretty brocade textiles on an excellent mattress. We loved the nubby towels, and the reminder note that you can save resources and reuse them.The Andrews is historical but its not filled with antiques and does have some standard-issue decor. The woodwork has decades of paint, and our bathroom retained its tiny, cute, ancient sink. I bet this shabbiness drives some suburbanites crazy  but I hope they never gut this place.Sure, the corners &amp; ledges could be fanatically cleaned with a Q-tip I dont know your housekeeping habits, but this is the city and dust happens. The Andrews is cleaner than my home, and feels unpretentious &amp; charming in a not overly-calculated way.We had a room towards the back (with a little less street noise), and we sprang the extra for 2 windows for more light. As a bonus, the windows actually open, there was a ceiling fan, and our shower had super water pressure. What more could you ask for in a room centrally located at a price that wont break the bank?The only caveat  if you are very heavy or have mobility issues, the position of our toilet was awkward; to us it was no big deal.	
Nov 16 2009 	Still a favorite after four years	Since I wrote my initial review for The Ocean Park in 2006 (http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60713-d291227-r5837277-Ocean_Park_Motel-San_Francisco_California.html), I've stayed there for the same event every September, and my delight in the place hasn't diminished a bit. Staying there is one of the highlights of my visit, and something I always look forward to.I recently had the opportunity to visit The Ocean Park in the company of my husband and teenage daughter when we drove up to San Francisco for a concert, which gave me the opportunity to experience more of the motel's amenities (and to see it through the eyes of my family, who had often heard me express my pleasure in the motel), which gives a fresh perspective, so on the advice of my husband, I'm writing another review.I had reserved a room with a queen bed and a twin, but was pleasantly surprised when we arrived to find that we'd been upgraded to one of the motel's small suites, with two queen beds, a full bath, a kitchenette and a dining room. As soon as we stepped into the room, my husband said &quot;wow...I'm impressed!&quot; I have to admit, I was too...I've always stayed in one of the smaller single queen rooms on the courtyard, which are lovely and comfortable, but small...this room was HUGE by motel standards! A small dining area branched off the main/sleeping room, connecting to a nice little kitchen that was better-equipped than any other self-catering accommodation I've stayed in. The bathroom featured a tub as well as a shower, with the deco styling I expect from The Ocean Park. The decor throughout was tasteful and attractive, featuring the diagonal wood paneling that is a hallmark of the motel, set off by soft peach and cream accents.We had plenty of time before we needed to get downtown for our concert, so my daughter immediately set off to enjoy the hot tub (which she says is &quot;really nice!&quot;), while my husband settled down for a nap, and I took the opportunity to read through the hand-outs they give you when you check in. I really wish more hotels/motels did this kind of thing! There was an extensive list of area restaurants, categorized by type, with directions how to get to each (including information on parking and public transit for those that weren't withing walking distance), directions via public transit to major tourist attractions, an area map, and even a suggested city tour using public transit that would hit the major tourist attractions in San Francisco.Speaking of public transit, a lot has been said here about the L-Taraval streetcar, which runs directly in front of The Ocean Park. Yes, it's there, and yes...if you're sensitive to such sounds, it can be noisy (it has never bothered me, even during this most recent stay, when we were in a room right on 46th...and my husband snoozed happily through several passes of the streetcar that afternoon). That said, it only runs until midnight. After that, the L line becomes a regular city bus, which is considerably quieter than the streetcar, and which only comes by a few times during the night. If a bus going by is going to bother you, you're unlikely to be happy in ANY lodging in San Francisco. But, if you are sensitive to sounds like this, and if you plan to be in bed before midnight, you can always request a room near the back of the motel when you make your reservation.We used the streetcar to get into the city center for our concert at The Fillmore, and it only took us 35 minutes to travel from the motel to Powell Street Station (near Union Square and the Cable Car Turntable) at 5 p.m. on a Friday. That's not bad travel time at all in a city of this size. If you're planning on a late night, you may want to make alternate plans for getting back, however. As I said, the streetcar becomes a bus after midnight, which is slower because it runs entirely on surface streets, and it runs much less frequently (about once an hour). In San Francisco, calling 511 will get you info on when and where you can catch it, but it's not a bad idea to have a city cab company's number on your cell phone, just in case you'd rather not wait. That's not going to be an issue, however, unless you're attending a late-night event.The other motel amenity that has gotten mention here is internet access. I do have to say that it can be pretty spotty. My understanding is that the 1930s construction (the very thing that gives the place much of its charm!) is to blame...some of the materials interfere with wireless reception. I've not been able to receive it in the single rooms. In our suite, my daughter was able to get a good connection with no trouble using her regular, full-size laptop, but my netbook just wasn't able to stay connected. The info they give you on check-in does offer suggestions for maximizing your chance of getting a connection, but if it is absolutely essential that you be able to connect to the internet in your motel room during your stay, this might not be the place for you. That said, a coffee place just up the block also has free wireless, so even if you can't get connected in your room, you're not entirely without recourse.What this all comes down to is that, after four years of staying at The Ocean Park, it remains one of my favorite motels in the world (and I've stayed in a lot of motels!). Unless you really need to be right in the middle of the city; or prefer cookie-cutter, plasticized, chain-motel lodgings; this is, in my opinion, the best place to stay on a budget in San Francisco.	
Jun 24 2009 	Not bad at all	Despite what I read, I booked this hotel because of the free parking and that it seemed to be less far from where I wanted to be. It is true that you can hear your neighbors very well, but as for everything else, it was perfect! The managers (BOTH) were very kind and talked with me for a little bit. The water was just fine, even hot. I checked that to make sure. I heard my neighbors having a muffled conversation at 2am, and could hear every time they opened and closed their door. I had room 104 which is closer to the street and the street noise did not bother any of us one bit. We stayed two nights. I took a walk with my 10 year old in the morning and we walked around and did not have any problems. At night the street seemed to be fine also, but we were not out late anyway. The bathroom is clean, the room is clean. No funny smells, no cigarette smells, nothing. I loved the hotel and would stay there again because I got a great deal!	
	Wouldn't recommend to worst enemy!	This hotel has it allbedbugs (room 412), a fitfully -spitting shower head, cracked sink, and stopped-up bathtub drain (room 405), a hoodie-wearing surly lad behind the front desk, and customer service that will make your jaw drop in amazement! Heres an example of what you can expect. You turn down the bed and find some blood-engorged insects frolicking away. You call the front desk and report your discovery. You wont hear anything like, Oh, were sorry. Or, Can we help move you to another room? Or, Thats terrible! No, the clerk says: What do you want to do?You say, We want to move out of this room! The desk says, Wellokay. Come down and get a key. But all we have is a room in the back, on an alley overlooking a neighbors kitchen.So you move your stuff and, since its too late to find another hotel, hope to sleep in peace.This place is supposed to be rated something like #140 out of 250 local inns. Its scary to think about what the runners-up must be like. It helps you understand why so many San Franciscans would rather crawl into sleeping bags on the sidewalk.Bottom line: We wouldnt recommend this dump to Osama bin Laden, even if he should ask nicely.	
	Will be staying here again soon!	I travel to San Francisco every other week for business. I like to switch my stays up between Union Sq. and the Wharf just for a change of scenery. The Argonaut will definitely be my place to stay on the weeks that I stay at the Wharf. I loved everything about the place. The staff was great. I had missed the wine hour by about 5 minutes when I checked in so they gave me a voucher for a glass of wine at the bar. The room was very clean and comfortable.Being right around the corner from Ghirardelli Square, I took advantage of a cool evening and went and got a cup of hot cocoa. The next morning I picked up breakfast at Starbucks and walked across the street to have a nice morning on the beach before I went into the office. The location is great.Love the Argonaut and looking forward to going back in a couple of weeks.	
Jan 9 2008	Great Value	If you are looking for a clean, safe, friendly front desk place at a great rate, this is the place to stay. We have stayed here numerous times and have never had a problem. Parking is free which is a $50 savings alone. Easy online reservations and close proximity to the the wharf area. Ballpark is a short cab ride away. Its no Fairmont but if a decent hotel at a dirt bottom price is your goal, this is it.	
	Great place to stay	I have been to SF before and stayed in the other Holiday Inn around the corner. I opted for the Express as it was the same price but included breakfast :-) and It was an amazing breakfast. Plenty to eat and set us up for the day.The beds were truly amazing, so comfortable and a choice of pillows too.It was great to have a reception area that you could actually sit in - so many hotels don't have them these days. It also had conference facilities but these were barely noticable. Some hotels tend to forget their 'holiday' guests but they didnt. All the staff that we encountered were most friendly, polite and helpful.The 2 pc's + printer were a very useful item.The room was spacious and an ample spaced bathroom.Great place to stay to go sightseeing - we also purchased the 3 day muni pass ($18) - a great saving - (one of the cable cars is $5 one way!)Good shopping/shopping centre and all easy to get to.	
	Great for conventioneers but leisure travelers are overlooked.	We traveled to San Francisco to get married and chose the Intercontinental based on it's star rating, reviews from other travelers and location. The rooms were spacious, room service food was delicious and the location of the hotel is very convenient for getting to/from SFO and various points of interest in the city. There were some aspects of our stay that I think will be useful to other travelers considering this hotel:1. The hotel places a $200 HOLD on funds from your credit card or debit card for EACH DAY of stay. Those funds are not available to you during this period of time. At the end of your stay, your actual expenses are then totaled and any remaining balance from the frozen funds are released back to your card. This is not spelled out on the hotel's website or third-party reservation websites and posed a problem for us, as we were not prepared to lose $200 of spending money each day. This information should be made available to guests prior to their arrival. The hotel desk clerk informed us that this information was not relayed to us by Expedia (whom we used to book our stay), but I checked Intercontinental's website and could not find this information there, either. If it is there, it should be more prominent. They also could have mentioned this when I called to confirm our reservation the day before our arrival. Let me be clear: I don't have a problem with the policy of holding funds, but there is no reason why guests should be surprised at check-in, when they can be informed beforehand, which would allow guests to plan their travel budget/spending accordingly.2. The front desk service is mediocre. Not very friendly (although not rude) and I was surprised that no one ever even asked us why we were in SF. Given that this is a convention hotel, perhaps they just assumed we were business travelers. Not the case. It would have been nice to be asked. Also, we were not wished an enjoyable stay, nor were we asked if we were satisfied at the end of our stay..minor points, but when it comes to service, the little things count.3. The bar and restaurant are woefully inadequate to handle all of the conventioneers and other guests (i.e. US). After getting married and having our photos taken in and around the city, we returned for some celebratory champagne..We found seats in the very-crowded lounge area, but the waitress that was taking orders ignored us. We fought our way up to the bar and eventually got some attention.4. And perhaps the most annoying part of our stay..the comfort of our room. Our room faced east and when the sun rose each morning, the room became hot. Not just warm. HOT. We had the thermostat adjusted to the lowest possible setting and the fan turned on &quot;high,&quot; yet we still roasted the morning of our wedding as we showered and dressed. We were told the hotel was booked to capacity, so no other rooms were available. Some things cannot be controlled or fixed, but this was still disappointing. It didn't ruin our day, but a pickier bride and groom-to-be might throw a fit.Finally, the parking is quite expensive. We were told that we would be charged $43 per day for parking at the hotel. It was $53 on check-out. Luckily, we found a garage DIRECTLY behind the hotel (and probably the one they use for guests' cars) that charged $32/day. While this may all sound very negative, we were not UNhappy with the hotel. But we won't choose it again. Overall, I would say it's great for conventioneers, and mediocre for people traveling for leisure/special events.NOTE: We did not tell the hotel we were getting married. We did not expect or want preferential treatment. The criticisms noted above have to do with basic service and are not based on an expectation of special treatment. Every guest is entitled to comfort, care and a clear understanding of the cost of their stay.	
Nov 26 2009	Good hotel great location	Good clean hotel in an excellent location two minutes from pier 39	
Nov 25 2009 	Great location blah rooms wearing down. Slightly musty.	This was a tremendously underwhelming hotel. I don't consider myself a hotel snob at all - I stay in budget motels regularly and don't mind. But this hotel, especially for the location (right in the middle of Market St. in downtown San Fran at the turn-around point for the cable car), was just exceedingly blah. The room was small and ugly, the shower head was eye-level, there was chipping/cracked paint, the &quot;closet&quot; was laughably-small, there was a stain on our duvet (or whatever you call that thing at the foot of the bed that isn't actually a blanket), and when we asked for more blankets the ones they brought were frayed and torn (though admittedly clean). The whole thing felt old, and not in the charming way, but more in the &quot;shouldn't they fix that?&quot; way.The bathroom wasn't especially clean when we got there either (soap scum in the soap dishes). There was also some sort of plastic mattress pad on the bed that creaked every time my wife or I moved. This was very annoying and made it one of the least-comfortable hotel beds I've slept in. There was no air conditioning or heat in our room (some rooms apparently have a steam-heater, whatever that means), though thankfully they brought up a space heater on our request. Service was fine and prompt, though not overly friendly - perhaps they were just very busy. Lots of great food, shopping, and attractions around. The location truly is fantastic, and honestly if you're looking to be right in the heart of San Fran it's one of the best options. Doing some shopping around on the various travel sites we ended up getting this for about $100 a night, which was a bargain for where it was, even with the dingy rooms. I would have been annoyed had I paid $150+, but perhaps that's because I'm used to cheap hotels in non-touristy locations. If you want a great location and are not planning on spending much time in the room then this will certainly fulfill your needs. If on the other hand you'll be in the room a lot (my wife had to study so we were holed up for quite a while) I might recommend finding another option.	
Oct 27 2009 	A winner for budget travellers who aren't picky.	This is THE ideal hotel for budget travelers in a very good location. It amazes me how many reviewers have complained about the size of the rooms and the lack of hotel amenities. At this price, with such a great location in a big city like San Francisco, you're not going to get a luxury suite for $100 a night. That's just the way it goes. With the Metro as with everything else, you get what you pay for. Who comes to San Francisco and wastes time that could be spent exploring this wonderful city sitting in a hotel room anyway? We booked for value and location; just a place to come back to at the end of the day and get a restful night's sleep. My girlfriend and I stayed here for three nights as part of a short vacation. I've been to SF half a dozen times and It was her first time in the city. We planned to spend a lot of time shopping, eating, and exploring in the Haight and take in a concert in Golden Gate Park so for us it was the perfect location; walking distance to Haight-Ashbury and Golden Gate and Buena Vista parks with a MUNI stop just a block away if you want to go &quot;furthur.&quot; We also went to the symphony at Davies Hall which was just a $6 cab ride away. Some tips: if you need minimal noise to get a comfortable night's sleep, request an interior room as the hotel faces a very busy lower-haight thoroughfare. This was an issue for my girlfriend, so we made sure to call ahead and they accommodated us with a room facing the very lovely garden patio. If you're from a very hot climate, as we are, I would advise that you request a space heater from the front desk. The central heating was not adequate to keep us warm at night; it was about 60 degrees outside and felt even colder in our room on the first night. We slept very comfortably on our second and third nights. A great experience overall!	
	Check out the Red Room!	While I haven't actually stayed over night at the Clift I've had many business meetings in the Red Room. Service is always excellent &amp; I love the decor!	
Oct 24 2009 	This place is a decent budget hotel...these other reviews are comical	After reading some of these reviews I was expecting the worst. Instead I got what I would have expected if I hadn't read other people's comments. I stayed on the third floor in main building. Room was clean and somewhat recently remodeled (budget hotel style). Bathroom was clean. There were towels and a heat lamp. Alarm clock worked. Free WiFi. Got 5 or 6 TV channels HBO, CNN, CBS or something. Double bed had 4 pillows. Dandruff between wall and mattress with no bedbug feces was a good sign that the room had been bedbug free for a long time (or the previous occupant was molting). Didn't see bugs of any kind. The hair dryer from 1987 still worked. They've been wallpapering around it for some time. Could hear loud conversation of drunk kids in adjacent room, then they wrestled around and left. Travel with a sound machine for things like this. The location is decent a couple of blocks to Market St, BART and MUNI. Immediate area is mostly a mix of young professionals, homeless people and sketchy people. I made sure to request the main building to avoid some of the experiences of other travelers. Eat the breakfast at your own risk. There's a decent cafe on the corner.	
	Friendly Service..A+ Location..Clean Spacious Rooms	So close to everything you would want. Located in the heart of Union Square, lots of great dining choices nearby, close to cable car lines and other public transportation. Large rooms for San Francisco with very comfortable beds! The staff was extra friendly and helpful. Free in room coffee and newspaper daily. We will most certainly stay here when we visit San Francisco again!	
Nov 24 2009 	Nice location comfortable room but a little noisy	For the price, this hotel was very nice. We stayed for under $150 per night on Fri, Sat, and Sunday. The room we had was very comfortable and the location is great. For under $10 in cab fare, we could get anywhere we wanted in the city. We also rented a car for the day to go to Muirwoods and Napa. The only negative of the hotel is that it is right near a cable car line. So, we heard the loud bell ringing a bit more more than we would have liked. If I stay again, I want to make sure I am high enough or facing a different street to avoid the cable car lines.	
Nov 20 2009 	Fabulous location	On arriving at 9.30am to drop off our bags, Ryan went out of his way to get us checked in 3 hours early. The same level of helpfulness was evident in all members of staff. The decor is totally OTT: huge chandeliers, lots of gilt plasterwork; sweeping staircases and period features. - I love it, but it may not be to everyone's taste. The rooms were clean and the bed comfy. Coffee machines are availble on request, we only found this out when one was delivered to our room in error one morning.The location on Union Square is superb, with the trolley cars passing the front door, most bus lines within a block, Walgreen opposite for those bits you forgot and Starbucks tucked into a corner for coffee and muffins in the morning (you dont' have to leave the hotel if you use the back entrance). We thought the food and drink was quite expensive, but who want to stay inthe hotel when there are so many alternatives on the doorstep.All in all a great experience and I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 10 2009 	Fine for what we needed.	We booked online no problems. Price was good for what we wanted - i e just for somewhere to crash for the night after being out sight - seeing all day. Yes it was on a 24 hour bus route which was great - we knew we could always get home at night as the bus stop was basically at the front door. Bus ticket price was $2. to get into town and the trip took about 45 mins. Yes it was in the ethnic part of town but we found that interesting. Our room was clean. Breakfast was good. We were able to leave our luggage locked up on the last day while we were touring before we flew out. Front desk personel (Clay ) was lovely even booked our airport shuttle bus .	
Nov 3 2009 	Rude!!!	I did not stay in the place based on the phone call that I made. I wanted to book the room and after persistent angry voice from the hotel personel DEMANDING the card number the person on the other end hang up on me. RUDE RUDE RUDE!!!! My husband called before me to acquire about the price and encouter as well some very nasty person on the other end. All well we did not stay in that place and that was probably the best thing we did on that trip considering other reviews on this site.Word of edvice to the owners of that place, hotels run based primarly on the good costumer service so get you [--] together.	
Oct 30 2009 	The most friendly and helpfull staff ever	The location is great 15 minute walk to fisherman's wharf. The room was clean large, and quiet, with a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge, The staff at the front desk is very friendly and went out of their way to help us with the best directions to which ever location we decided to visit. We originally planned to stay 3 nights but decided to stay a fourth night. I would recommend this Travel Lodge to anyone. Oh and the rooms are very reasonable, especially if you consider the location .	
	Couldn't have been beter	Got a great deal on Priceline two days in advance of our annual black Friday boondoggle. This location just cannot be beat. It is one half block up from Union Square. The lobby was busy when we arrived with people coming and going-they had several doormen and valets on duty. Even though we arrived at a busy time and two hours ahead of the scheduled check in we were immediately greeted and given our room. The front desk was very, very gracious and accomodating of the fact that I had accidently shown up with no credit card in my wallet!!  As we waited for the elevator, we noticed a lady really struggling to get out of the elevator with a really big rolling suitcase. An employee jumped in out of nowhere to help her and asked others if they needed help. Very nice-I love to see people make extra effort when it comes to service. The lobby is nothing exciting. It's long and narrow, the front desk is to the right as you enter and the elevators to the left. Behind the elevators is a small seating area which they had decorated for the holidays.  Our room was on the 21st floor. We looked out to the Westin St. Francis (my daughter was fascinated by their outside elevators), the Sir Francis Drake Hotel and Starlight Room and the tiny peek of Union Square. When I book rooms on bidding sites. . I expect to get one of the &quot;lesser rooms&quot;, that's fair enough. But this room did not seem to be sub-par in anyway. It was spacious and clean and I liked the location on a high floor. We were right next to the housekeeping closet and expected to have some noise from that in the morning, but that did not happen. They are either very quiet or it's a little used closet. The bed was super comfortable with nice linens. If you were there on a more extended stay, there was plenty of room to put your things. A spacious closet, two dressers. TV is in an amoire with a Mini bar/fridge - the sensor kind so you can't use the fridge for your own stuff. There's a desk and chair and a small sitting area with arm chair and table by the window. Liked the iPod docking port. The ONLY thing about the room that wasn't perfect is, as others have mentioned, the furniture is a little banged up.The only storage in the bathroom is the countertop. Nice, Portico brand white ginger soap and shampoo and a little tube of toothpaste!  We didn't eat at the Grandview on the 36th floor but went up to look at it and it was BEAUTIFUL with a spectacular view!! We would have had a drink in the bar but it was full. I would recommend this hotel for service, cleanliness, spacious room and awesome location. Especially if you get the $66 price tag that we did!! Have fun!	
Oct 31 2009 	Excellent Property - Nice Change of Pace from the Chains	Campton was listed on a conference hotel list, and I selected it without knowing much about it - other than it's great location. I was pleasantly surprised to be staying at a beautiful property just off of Union Square, and staffed with employees who consistently treated you as their top priority. Campton was a nice change from the hustle and bustle of a large chain hotel such as a Hyatt or Marriott. The lobby is small but welcoming. When arriving back from conference sessions or business dinners - I felt like I was coming home. Well done.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great value 	Both times I have stayed overnight in Frisco, I chose Carl Hotel because price and location were my main criteria for where to stay in the greatest city on earth. Carl is a great pick. On my first visit my girlfriend and I paid about $70 for a ground floor room facing the street. On the first night we had trouble sleeping with the light rail running right outside our window, but on the second night we got used to it and had no trouble sleeping. On my second stay I was given a room on the second floor with the window facing Stanyan street and the noise wasn't a big problem. The front desk people were always very courteous, the room was tiny but clean complete with a microwave and an (albeit tiny) television set with cable. A short walk to Golden Gate Park, Haight Street, SFSU, and some of the best restaurants in the city.	
	Always a good priced hotel	All basics are covered here from a clean room, coffee maker, microwave, fridge and cable TV. There's also complimentary breakfast.NOTE: They charge about $15 per night for parking.	
Nov 13 2009	Be Prepared!!	My mother and I stayed here after much research for a decent budget friendly hotel. I have to say the ONLY, and ONLY good thing about Beck's is the location. You are very close to the F-line which brings you to downtown SF and there are some nice places to eat in and around the Castro. I recommend the restaurant directly across the street- they have a great brunch and if you walk down to the corner of Market and Noe there is another awesome restaurant (drawing a blank on the names).Now the negative...we were moved from our first room to another room (due to the window not locking, but I will say they were rather nice about the request to move). However, the next room literally smelt like someone left a cat in it for days and it peed alllll over the room!!! The smell was horrid and it only became worse when we lifted the sheets and blankets to the bed (why, I have no idea!) Anyways we did end up getting moved AGAIN to the 3rd floor in what must have been a &quot;suite&quot;. The final room was much better, no funny smells and much cleaner. So, if you are going to bite the bullet and stay at Beck's for the location (only), all I can recommend is that you REQUEST to stay on the 3rd floor (away from the cats!!!!)	
	Great if you love barking dogs and paper thin walls	What a huge waste of money! I thought that a Starwood Hotel would be nicer than what we ended up with. The first night was ok, but there was very little you could do about the heating and cooling in the room to be comfortable. You could leave the air on to keep fresh air circulating and have it blow on your head all night or turn it off and be suffocating in a room with dead air. There was a very fine line between the AC being on or the heat.  I was expecting that the beds would be of the same caliber as the Heavenly Beds at the Westin. Not! The beds had these awful feather bed pads that were crunchy. Not exactly what I want to lay on. Feathers are one thing, feathers with quills is another. It made the bed super hot when you had only a thick, hot duvet to use. This is San Francisco, not Siberia. It was a bit of an overkill. The second and third nights we got the pleasure of listening to a yappy dog all night long and if the dog wasn't barking it was because the owners were busy yelling at it. The walls were so thin and cheap that we could hear every single word of the conversation in the room next to us. When we called to complain about the dog, the lame stories of how the owners aren't supposed to leave the animal unattended come out and we get send bagels and coffee for breakfast as an apology. Thanks, but some sleep would have been preferable to the bland cream cheese you send with the bagels. We had to call 3 more times to complain about the dog barking. We were given the option to move, but why should I have to pack up my family and move because some idiot can't leave a dog at home. Dogs aren't babies, they can't be toted to restaurants and stores. They need to stay home. I am so disappointed that the W allows people you bring their dogs and ruin everyone's sleep. They have lost my business for good. I'll be back at the Westin.	
Aug 5 2009 	Review of Oceanview Motel Area	Last Sept. I was visiting my son who lives across the street from the Caltrain station by the Giants stadium. I wanted to see the ocean. I got on the N Line and rode it to the end. There I ate a snack at a coffee shop and walked over the dune to the ocean. I sat down and immediately saw whales spouting in the distance. I asked a surfer about them and he confirmed that was what they were but had never seen them there before. I noticed a small motel which I thought was &quot;Oceanside&quot;. I loved the neighborhood and proximity to so many things to see and do but could never locate it again until I saw it here tonight. I hope my husband and I can stay there this Sept. It sounds like what we are looking for. Thank you to all reviewers	
Aug 17 2007	Great Hotel wonderful staff.	For the rate you are paying for this hotel, it is indeed an excellent value. The rooms are fairly clean and the hotel in general is not as bad as some other reviewers have described it to be. If you are travelling on a budget then this hotel is a wonderful value. Also, the staff is very polite and courteous, and was very helpful.	
	Fine hotel but overpriced	We returned to this hotel for it's excellent central location and splendid slightly colonial feel. Not a typical modern luxury hotel. This time it didn't quite meet our previous expectations. The courtyard restaurant was closed, all the staff seemed only interested in fawning over one to gain tips (except the cleaning staff who were lovely) and the prices (in a recession) seemed even more excessive. Nonetheless, it does still have quite a fine stately feel about it, if you don't mind paying a premium.	
	Helpful staff good value	Decent location to access many parts of the city, a breakfast that will keep you full until lunch and beyond and very helpful and friendly staff. We stayed an extra three nights - but our second room was a lot nicer than the first. The first was a little small and didn't have an outside window. The second was very comfortable, had a nice view of the street and was very spacious. Nice lobby.	
	A Fabulous Experience!!	We stayed one night &amp; it was great! They have complimentary valet parking &amp; they would even allow our car to be parked till late evening even if we checked out,. The location was great for us just a couple blocks from the Great American Music Hall which we had plans to see a show the night we were in town and the 5:30 wine reception was a great start to our evening. The staff was friendly, helpful, energetic, &amp; funny from check in to check out! My fiance read some reviews before hand &amp; knew to reserve the top floor because some said there was a room to room noise issue - We had none! Our room &amp; bathroom was clean &amp; crisp feeling. We loved the eco-friendliness the hotel offers!! We'll definitely stay again. We already recommended Hotel Carleton to everyone we spoke to about our trip!	
Oct 23 2009 	Great Hotel in SF	We have stayed in a number of Mandarin Oriental properties around the world. The SF property definitely maintains the highest quality standards of the others we have stayed in. The service was oustanding. The staff was friendly, helpful and efficient. The view from our room on the 45th floor was spectacular and the room itself elegant. The in bathroom amenities were great. I have no negative comments about this hotel. I would definitely stay here again.	
	Great stay Great price Great location Great	This is my hotel of choice when I travel to the City. Great staff, Great room, Great service in a great location.	
	Fine location at the edge of China Town and Little Italy	The quality of the rooms and services are what you can expect from a Hilton: above average. But the location makes it a perfect stay. Right at the edge of China Town and 10min walk from many good restaurants at Columbus Avenue. A much better location than the Embarcadero or around Union Squaire. We defintely would stay again.	
	Wonderful Hotel Fantastic Location	I booked the Chancellor for my first trip to San Francisco, based on the price for the location and on the trip advisor reviews. On subsequent conversations with people about where I would be staying, I discovered that 2 or 3 people I knew had previously stayed there and they raved about the hotel so I was really looking forward to my stay there. I was not disappointed. We stayed for 7 nights in a twin room on the 14th floor. I had emailed the hotel a few days before my arrival to request a high floor if possible  and received a very prompt and personable reply from Kevin, the Reservations Manager. As some others have said, the room was small, but we didnt need a lot of space, and anyway we spent very little time in the room. The closet was the biggest I have seen and we had our suitcases in there so they were not taking up space. The bathroom was also small, but sufficient. I have a similar sized one myself at home and its perfectly adequate. The free wireless internet was a big bonus as you often have to pay for it at more expensive hotels. It worked absolutely fine for me. The internet terminal in Reception is also a great service, as we booked something online that we needed a printer for. All the staff that we dealt with in the hotel were super nice and very efficient. We had an issue where the safe in our room went to sleep twice but when we reported this to reception it was fixed in less than 10 minutes on both occasions. The lady at the tour desk gave some great recommendations for restaurants. Although she did tell us that the Alcatraz night tour that we booked online 3 months earlier didnt exist which sent us into a bit of a spin, but a phone call to the company quickly sorted that it was in fact running !! We ate breakfast in the hotel a few mornings and it was lovely and the restaurant staff were great. The cookies at reception were delicious, I wish I had started eating them earlier in the week than I did!!The location of the hotel is absolutely fantastic and one of the cable cars runs right outside the door. I loved San Francisco and will certainly be going back sometime in the future. I will definitely stay at the Chancellor Hotel again and will tell anyone I know thats going to San Francisco to book this hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Good location	Although the hotel is old they keep it in a good shape, the only problem is the size of the rooms &amp; bath. OMG the smallest thing ever but once again, location was worth and excellent aerial views of the city and the bay	
Mar 17 2009 	Good Value	We had a good time at this motel. The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. In this tight economy, we saved a bundle! We will use this motel again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Back to Handlery Union Square -after ten years	We decided to book the same hotel we stayed in in 1999 because of the loation. The double room we got this time was a bit shabby, the AC did not work properly but nights were cool in late September and early October so we didn't complain. The room on the 7th floor with windows above the pool area meant that it was pretty quiet too. The bathroom was clean and OK, beds big as usually in the US. The reception was fast, polite both when checking in and when leaving. We had all our breakfasts at the Daily Inn restaurant, the breakfast menu was actually quite satisfactory as we favor a lot of fruits in the morning. All in all we can recommend Handlery as a priceworthy alternative in downtown San Francisco but rooms need refurbishment -maybe this process has already started?	
	glad i cancelled	after reading some very disturbing reviews i decided to cancel our stay and even that was a mission, 10 minute hold and a rude person at the end of the line when i finally go to speak to someone! lucky escape	
Oct 23 2009 	My worst nightmare	This place looks nothing like the photo hosted on this website. When we pulled up we thought that maybe it was a mistake and then we looked at the address and this was in deed the place we booked. There were more than enough undesirable people hanging out in front if that was not enought to scare us, we checked in and right back out. I let the manager know that I would not be paying for this room and would be notifying my credit card company if they tried to charge me for the room. Let's just say that we were afraid we might take home a gift we did not expect if we had slept in the room.	
Oct 16 2009	CELL PHONE STOLEN BY EMPLOYEE - DON'T STAY HERE	I am really disappointed that my cell phone was stolen by one of the employees. I had left the phone in the room and called 15 minutes later. When I came back to pick it up, it was not only missing, but had been turned off (which to me was further proof of it haven been stolen). I found the staff that day to be unfriendly, unhelpful and uncaring. The worst part was the way it was handled by the manager/owner. When I finally got ahold of her 3 days after the incident, she spoke very harshly with no concern for what had happened and told me that I was harrassing the employees, never asking me one question. I couldn't get a word in edgewise and was never even able to tell her what happened. She just assumed that her employees were telling the truth. The room was fine and I would have stayed there regularly on our visits to UCSF Medical Center, but after this incident I just won't do it. I will not support someone who runs their business in that manner. I hope you consider doing the same.	
Nov 19 2009 	A money saver - but that is the only reason to stay here	Stayed at the Oasis for three days in October 2009. We had not booked hotels for our travels, relying on last minute bookings in an attempt to get good value deals and not blow out the budget. Chose the Oasis primarly due to the free security carparking (car parking can cost a bomb in San Fran).Rooms are very basis and badly worn and the hotel is situated well off out of &quot;tourist&quot; areas. This hotel would appear to be linked to a French Tour company, as many of the occupants are French tourists.Basically if you want a cheap hotel with secure and free parking, well this will do, but beware whilst clean and comfortable, this is 2 star hotel at best, in a less than ideal area - I would not walk around outside after dark.	
Nov 1 2009 	confortable and convenient	We spend three nights at Redwood Inn. We had a nice, big room, with two comfortable beds. The room as well as the bathroom were very clean. Refrigerator, micowave, coffee maker : nothing missing. A friendly welcome at the reception desk. We just would have appreciated a better insonorisation of the window as the traffic on Lombard Street is heavy.The hotel is at walking distance from the wharf, from the cable car, which is convenient.Also the best doughnuts we had during our three week stay in the US are offered at the reception desk each morning.	
	reasonable price but don't expect good service	my boyfriend and I occasionally go to the city for a small get away. This is the first time we stay at comfort inn. The price was reasonable but the service was horrible, the guy at the front desk looks like he didn't know what he was doing. very disappointed at the &quot;city view&quot; when all we see out of our window was another building The room was small, there were not a lot of space for us to put our belongings. Some of the lights were broken. overall the room was rather clean.i would not advise any couple who wants to spend their anniversary here. i would spend more money to stay at a hotel instead.Parking lot is small and hard to move your vehicle, reasonably priced. 26 dollars. It is pretty cheap for parking in the city.	
Nov 25 2009	Love it!	Excellent customer service, from the door greeter to the front desk receptionist. The rooms are very modern and clean. The views are incredible. Overall the hotel is an excellent choice. Minutes to the Fisherman's pier and every other attraction. Plan to stay there in my next visit.	
Sep 6 2009 	Surprisingly nice--much better than we expected	This is now called the CitiGarden, and it's set back from the street behind a huge parking lot and it looks like an office complex--from the outside it doesn't look at all inspiring for a hotel, and in fact it's easy to miss it if you're not looking carefully. I don't think it had a street-side sign. However, when we got in, it's a different story. The photos on their website are correct, but the rooms are much nicer in person. It looks like they are renovating the whole place, by degrees. We stayed in a room which had already been re-done, but there was a whole section of rooms which were being painted &amp; renovated while we were there. I loved the bathroom part of our room--the sink was very stylish, sort of a slab of granite on top of kind of wooden furniture legs. It had a large framed mirror above the sink and nice chrome fixtures and lights above the mirror. It just looked really upscale, and much better than I expected for an airport motel. All the wood in the room was a dark mahogany finish. There was good closet space next to the sink and the shower was good as well. There was a little heater under the window (which we made use of!). The bedroom did have a strange sickly shade of green on one wall. I don't know who thought that was a good idea. Maybe it looked better on the swatch. But overall, the room is nicer than the photo shows.The hotel has a tiny gym as well, but it is tiny, just a few machines and some weights. If you're a fitness fanatic, you'll be disappointed.It was far too cold to brave the pool (when would it EVER be warm enough for that??) which was not heated.The breakfast buffet was pretty disappointing--some cereal, toast, OJ and coffee as far as I remember. But most motels don't even do breakfast anyway, so I guess it's an improvement on that.We didn't try the Chinese buffet restaurant adjacent to it, but we found out afterwards that it's pretty popular. Instead we went up to the main street of South San Francisco, which is very cute, and has lots of restaurants, etc. The location of the hotel is very convenient for the airport, and their free shuttle apparently runs every half an hour (it is a shared shuttle service with some other hotels--we had to look closely at every shuttle for their name).I hope the maids do their job properly, or it will start to go downhill. The beautiful chrome taps were already scratched (they obviously just used scrubby sponges on them, which is a no-no!), two of our lights weren't working (we complained to reception and they sent someone right away) and there were dead bugs trapped in the light fixture above the sink--nobody's fault, this happens, but someone has to notice it and do something about it.Overall, for the price, location, and the place itself, we'd be happy to stay there again. I just hope they keep it nice.	
	Parc 55 let me down	I know not every one reads these all the way so if you do decide to stay here do yourself a huge favor deman a room on the club level and make sure its a corner room, these are the only rooms in the hotel that are fair. Big diff from the reg club room and the corner club rooms trust me.. This is one of the hotels that you view pics of and say wow this look nice and the price is reasonable. However the pictures are of there finest rooms. I booked 3 rooms at this hotel on the club levels. 1 Room was very large and was well laid out. However the furnishings are strait from the motel 6 catalog. Now, to the hotels defense I did just check out of a 5 night stay in Las Vegas at the Encore a 5 star and by the way most fantastic hotel I know. Our other two rooms was Dim, lacking wall coverings or art, Very bad layouts ect. Oh yes and if your planning to eat breakfast in the club or go to the club for drinks don't. Bottom line is if your looking for a quality memory of your hotel on a romantic or magical trip to old san fran do your self a favor and stay some where else. The bell hops and valet were very nice and quick. Thank god this city is so freaking beautiful otherwise I would have let this hotel ruin it for me.. Just keep looking for other hotels.	
Oct 25 2009 	Different	This is the only hotel that we prebooked and took advantage of one of the package deals (we spent our final three nights here prior to returning home to Alaskla. We had stayed here a few years ago when still livijg in Calfiornia so knew what to expect. The &quot;bellhop&quot; was the owner, Mr Lambert, who brought us up to Room #300 which was right on Bush. The windows were double paned and shut out all street noise. Of couse, it also shut out the noise of the cables running in the street on Powell in addition to the passing cable cars. The morning breakfast was excellent and is brought to the table - no buffet stuff. The restaurant is also very good. As our flight to Anchorage didn't leave until early evening they provided a storage area for luggage. The only thing my wife didn't care about was the naked men threatre next door. However, never noticed anything going on.	
Nov 19 2009 	wanted to stay in middle of san francisco	This hotel is very well situated staff very helpful an friendly breakfast just ok missed having a kettle or coffee pot in the room but would use it again good price	
Oct 25 2009 	Don't do it. Keep Distance from this hotel	This hotel is horrible. Filthy floor. Breakfast does not exist. the receptionist was rude.And when we thought things could not get worse, our car was broken into by a thief.We had a great loss and no assistance from the hotel. The receptionist just kept saying that they had no responsibility for the parked cars.No one apologized or offered any compensation for what happened.We lost almost the whole day solving the problem..We were not even warned about the burglary of the car. Almost 10% of our vacation was lost because the parking lot does not have a simple camera. Take a look about crimes in San Francisco? Why they don't have cameras?	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Stay	This was my first trip to San Francisco. Since I was one a tight budget, I decided to stay away from the hotels closer to the tourist spots. The SW Hotel is just a few blocks from one of the cable car stops which was really nice. I was able to travel everywhere I wanted to go either by cable car or foot. The staff was very friendly and helpful. My room was very clean and cute. I highly recommend this hotel!!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Stay somewhere else!	Not only is this hotel ridiculously hard to find, once we got there I burst into tears. The rooms are cramped and run down. The bathroom is old and gross. Pealing caulking and slippery floors along with poor housekeeping make this hotel anything but pleasant! The first thing that hit me in the face when we walked in was the overwhelming stench! It smelled of horrible perfume and it never went away even after leaving the window open for 2 days straight. The bed was super firm and way uncomfortable. English is clearly the 2nd language of all the employees and expect to pay $40 a day to park your car...DO NOT STAY HERE! Motel 6 would be a welcome repreave from this crap hole!	
	A boutique experience in the heart of San Francisco	What a special atmosphere, from the moment you are welcomed by the friendly and professional staff who were only too happy to help with any request no matter how small. Hotel Rex is in a great location near all the action and the ambience is special with loads of personality and character that is all too often lacking in the multinational hotels. The normal rooms are small, but brightly decorated in a eclectic style. After a big day in San Fran it is wonderful to relax in the bar over a glass of complimentary wine - on Fridays they have a string quartet followed by a jazz ensemble! Ask for a room on the higher level if you are senstive to traffic noise.	
Oct 15 2006 	Horrible	Sure, it's cheap - but you get what you pay for (and then some). Room was FILTHY and TINY. So-called &quot;Housekeeping&quot; consists of daily replacement of two towels for bathing (hand-sized towels). Dark, small, dingy rooms (carpet at least 30 years old; had huge stains and cigarette burns all over).Cable TV non-operational (managed to receive five channels); no remote (management refuses to give out, citing &quot;theft&quot;).Despite the above, my biggest complaint was with the weekend overnight front desk clerk. Do not DARE to &quot;bother&quot; him; he went as far as to say to me that he doesn't &quot;give a sh*t,&quot; when I inquired about a FedEx delivery from work. Beyond me why they retain an employee with this attitude towards paying customers'.Management needs to reaccess employees' and their &quot;presentation,&quot; in my humble opinion.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect for the price room was quiet and clean and staff was nice.	We usually stay in 4 and 5 star hotels downtown....San Francisco was booked this last weekend and this was our best bet. I was very pleasantly suprised...it was quiet and clean and the staff was super nice....the parking was free and felt very, very safe.....the only drawback was I am sensitive to perfumes and there was a strong 'cleaning product' smell to the room. Other than that it was great for the price....and we might even stay there again!!!	
	Awesome and the best!!!	Great hotel. We are going to visit this hotel once again when we come San Francisco.The bed was luxurious but the heater was too slow in heating up the room but it was OK!This is one of the best hotels to stay in San Francisco INDEED!!	
	Great staff and location	This is a quaint hotel right down by Union Square and not far from the trolley cars and buslines. The staff has always been very helpful. Our room was kept very clean and the maintenance and cleaning people are just great. We have been there four times now and ask for a room away from the elevators and stairs because we go there to relax and enjoy ourselves. We got a king size bed this last time and it was so comfortable that I even wrote to ask what type of pillows were on the bed!The one thing about San Francisco excluding the hotel that are bothersome to us, are the panhandlers. Without exaggeration, just taking a walk a block away, we were approached a minimum of six times for money. We love the King George but have talked about maybe not staying there next time if we can find a hotel similar, away from the Union Square area. They aren't dangerous or aggressive, and we aren't afraid of them, they are just very bothersome. We do love the King George though. And Lori's restaurant right next door, has great American food, nice old fashion 50-60's diner, and the people are great there also. I would suggest staying there very highly. It's a really lovely hotel.	
Sep 14 2009 	Ok for one night but no more..	Location is too far to walk to fishermanns warf.Not enough parking space at motel.Quite noise from street in front hotel.Kingbeds are really smallQuite clean.There are better hotels	
Nov 18 2009 	Nice little Hotel	Nice little 3 star hotel on Pacific Heights. Rooms are big and some have a very nice view. The included breakfast was disappointing. Just accros the street is a very nicy daily with nice breakfast and lunch.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great place to stay	I had stayed here on several occasions while on active duty. I was in town for a professional meeting but decided to take some extra days and bring my wife who had never actually seen the sights of San Francisco, only the airport. The hotel is near Union Square and convenient to Chinatown and the business district. The rooms are large and comfortable but do show a little age around the margins. Still a great bargain for the price. The staff is helpful and attentive. Breakfast buffet was included in the room price and extensive. We ate in the 12th floor restaurant one night. The menu is that of a relatively expensive steakhouse such as Ruth Chris's. The portions were large and delicious. Next time we return to SFO , we'll stay here again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Value for money	This was a good hotel, fairly central location. A large room which had a fridge and microwave in it which was very handy. The breakfast was sufficient with plenty of choice. The bed was clean and comfortable. The staff were extrememly helpful and I would recommnd this hotel.	
	Great location views and two rooms for the price of one!	We had the family suite with two double beds and a separate room with a queen. Spacious with nice views of Coit Tower, the Embarcadero and the bay. We were in the front, so you had to settle into the street noise but the views were worth it. One block off cable car route and a few blocks to Fisherman's Wharf. We loved the location. We would definately stay here again and you can't beat the free parking!	
Nov 24 2009 	Hotel Abri	My girlfriend and I had a great stay here. The staff and service were excellent. I'm all about customer service so I know when I see people meeting or exceeding expectations--which the Hotel Abri staff definitely did. The room was great. Even the maids were nice. This will be my go-to spot any time my girlfriend and I decide to visit the city. Highly recommend this place.	
Nov 17 2009 	Really good base for exploring San Francisco	We stayed here in November in the early stages of a post-retirement backpacking trip around the world. We used TripAdvisor to identify a reasonably priced hotel in SF which suited our requirements and we were not disappointed with the Beresford Arms. The basic rate was very good value and we were upgraded on arrival to a jacuzzi suite with kitchen, so in the end we stayed for eight nights. It proved to be a really comfortable hotel, ideally placed for us, near Union Square and transport links. The bedroom was very spacious with a large king bed and plenty of furniture. It was the right temperature for us ie coolish, whereas we find so many hotel rooms overheated. We didn't need to switch the radiator on so cannot speak for how effective that might have been. The bathroom was large, with twin basins, bidet and WC and a jacuzzi bath with shower over. It featured sliding shower screens, a plus as so many hotels seem to use curtains which cling when wet. The only down side was that you had to mix the shower flow, which was quite an art getting it the right temperature without getting your hair wet in the process. The only other problem we had was that at certain times - around 6.45 am and also early evening - there was a very loud series of clanging noises from somewhere near - possibly the heating system? We sometimes managed to sleep through this.There was free wifi on a secure network - many hotels don't offer a secure one. There are also two PCs in the lobby area. The breakfast wasn't brilliant, just croissants and pastries and water melon plus coffee or tea. There appeared to be no low fat milk so we made use of the local grocery stores and our well equipped kitchen to make breakfast on several mornings. (Incidentally the breakfast at the sister hotel the Beresford was better but then they had a pub/restaurant on site.)The complimentary wine and cheese social every afternoon in the lobby was a real plus and we used this opportunity to talk to several US couples about travel experiences.The hotel staff were all very helpful and professional and we can heartily recommend this hotel. Every time we returned to our room it felt like coming back to a comfortable and relaxing flat. Its location is central without being surrounded by the usual panhandlers which predominate the Union Square area. We can also recommend the nearby Honey Honey cafe for snacks and meals.	
	Elegant sedate 	Always wanted to stay here, used to be Park Hyatt. Great location away from Market St (8 min walk), but close to Hyatt Regency meeting location (5 min walk). Hotel anchors the western end of the Embarcadero Center Shopping towers - unfortunately many empty/closed stores. Still, close to great restaurants in North Beach &amp; Embarcadero/Market (One Market, Slated Door, Kokkari). Hotel has a sleek modern feel as one enters the lobby/bar area. Fitness room is compact but is well equipped. Firm comfortable beds w/high quality linens (pillows were too soft for my taste). Lots of good lighting for reading &amp; work. Flat screen TV had added feature of easy access media outlets for using with iPods, videos etc - very useful! Can be noisy due to sirens from firehouse station 1 block away, but I would gladly stay here again.	
Oct 1 2009 	Been staying at the Roberts for 30 years	I've come up from LA to work at the Zoo now and then for the last 30 years. Hate to tell the people that don't like the place but it has been remodeled. But that was about 25 years ago and then again about 10 years ago. There was less rooms and more apartment like rooms instead of what they have today. It's the best price at the beach in all of SF. About half as much as it's closest competitor. No it's not a 5 star but it's a good place. The folks running it are nice. Always quiet during the week for us working guys that stay there. If your looking for a Hilton Resort stay at a Hilton Resort. This is a place with a bed and a shower. Good for road warriors. We bring our own pillows, soap and towels anyway. All that's missing is a big flashing neon sign and the place would be perfect. It's mine and my crews home away from home when we're in SF. Plus we do bring our wife's and girl friends here too. So far no divorces or breakups over it.	
Aug 2 2009 	Ramada should do something about this lot	We had booked in to the Ramada on Lombard Street for 5 nights. I requested a rollaway bed as we are a family of 5 - 2 adults, 2 teenagers and a 10 year old. On arrival after a delayed 20 hour trip from the UK, at 10.30 pm we were told by a rude and absolutely disinterested receptionist that there was no rollaway. Too exhausted to argue, we said ok, we will make do for the night. But, no! There would be no extra bed for the whole 5 nights. I explained that surely this was impossible. I received a shrug of the shoulders and a silent, surly stare. I asked what we should do, as all 3 of my children were now sleeping in the reception. Again, a shrug of the shoulders. I asked did they think it was ok for me to now take 3 exhausted children through the streets of an unknown city late at night in search of an alternative room for the night. Again, a shrug of the shoulders and a very strange stare. Silence!!! (you could almost hear the tumbleweed) It was surreal. So we left! On leaving I said this was very weird and that they were a very bad reflection of the Ramada group. Guess what? They shrugged and stared. No apology, no offer of help, no suggestion as to where else we could go. On closing the door I heard a sarcastic, &quot;Good Luck&quot;. It was now just rude and weird. We crossed the road and having looked on Tripadvisor before I knew that the Coventry Motor Inn was just opposite. Initially, they were reluctant to open their door so late at night, but when we explained our predicament, the lovely Chinese couple on the desk opened up. Our room was ideal ( with a large rollaway) and the location was great. So, please if you read this review, do not stay at this hotel. They do not deserve your custom, and Ramada should be ashamed to lend their name to this bunch of chancers.	
Nov 15 2009 	Amazing staff great room design - outstanding hotel	A friend and I stayed at the St. Regis for a long weekend in November 2009. The hotel was chosen by my excellent travel agent and she couldn't have done better. Every single person at the hotel, from the bell staff to the spa staff to the room service staff, was smiling, classy, helpful, fun, and just awesome. We each had corner rooms and the views were superb, the room design was very cool. The bar was hopping on Friday night and the design there also was very cool, and more great service. Location is great - you can walk everywhere and they'll take you to places you can't walk in the house car. Great place.	
	Nice place nice location huge room free parking!	My daughter and I stayed here over Thanksgiving weekend. The price was very reasonable and there was free parking in an upper and lower garage that both felt safe. Our room was huge and we had no complaints about cleanliness. The room had a coffeemaker, hair dryer and iron. We felt that the location was very convenient, but that may have been because we had a car. I don't know about it's accessibility to public transportation.My only 'complaint' would be that I had called before arriving and asked if we could hook our Wii gaming system to the TV in the room. I was told we could, but actually were unable to do so. I had gone through the trouble of disconnecting it from our TV at home and had rented extra games that we couldn't use, so this was a real disappointment. The flip side of our problem though was the man at the front counter was VERY nice in trying to help me figure out how to get the Wii to work on the room TV.I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to others.	
Oct 25 2009 	It can do better	Good location is one of the advantage . Need to change carpet shampoo. Accomodating staff. Not as bad as i expected it to be when I read the other reviews. Hope they invest on new beds coz it makes squeaky sound / hard to sleep.	
Oct 5 2009 	Not so clean but fair for the price	I decided to stay in this motel despite the bad reviews in this site, because of the price, the free parking and internet. The room is very small but if you are going to stay out all day, its not such a bad place, but the it could be cleaner. The towels of the bathroom look old and very used, and the ventilation of the bathroom was very disgusting because we could see a lot of dust inside and you start wondering if you are breathing that...Also, the air conditioning didnt work and the room stayed very stuffy. Besides that, the location is very good and if you are looking for a cheap motel and if you dont mind to take your own towels its OK.	
	Great Hotel!	We stayed at the Serrano Hotel for four nights and loved it. They host a complimentary social hour with free wine tastings every night from 5-6pm. Also they serve free coffee each morning for their guests. The hotel is nicely decorated and very chic. It's very close to Union Square which makes it ideal for shoppers, but a little bit close to a rough neighborhood so be careful not to wander in the wrong direction if you're not familiar with the area. The hotel is a great value at a pretty reasonable price.	
	Great Location	The Baldwin has a great location near Union Square and Chinatown. The rooms are average in size for many in the area but small compared to many newer hotels. We stayed on Thanksgiving and Friday. It was noisy on Thursday night but quiet on Friday night. We stayed on a 2 day shopping special that included free parking and taxes were also included. We used it mainly for sleeping and changing clothes. The room was clean and the staff was helpful!!! I would stay there again.	
	Roomy!	Stayed in room that was one up from standard room (free upgrade). Room was super roomy, with various furniture but I felt comfortable. I remember a great view of the cityscape at night and spotlessly clean bathroom. I had forgotten my PJs so slept in their really comfy robe. There's also free wifi in the rooms and in the lobby. Very elegant rooms, and the staff was super nice.Located right near market street - pretty good base to then go to explore the city.	
Oct 18 2009 	Depends on your taste	in my opinion, this place will work for some people and out of the question for others. i thought this place was really great for a night or two. the rooms are really small, but the carpet/furniture/tile in the bathroom had a great '50s san francisco vibe. the bathroom was huge though, almost as big as the room. we had a great bay window overlooking columbus. there was a tiny 13 inch tv which got like 5 channels. i dont really go to other places to watch tv though so i thought it was a plus. wireless was patchy but the guy who runs the place would reset it if you called the front desk. and we had a cup of cherry in the lobby each night. being right in the middle of north beach was a blast. the cafe underneath has great coffee and pastries. the restaurants around there aren't the best, but sitting on the street in this area makes up for the average food. small room was great for a night or two. dont know if i would to do an extended stay though.	
	Our Favorite Motel Gem in SF	We've stayed here 3 times over the last 2 years and will be back again when next in SF. The upgraded rooms and furnishings are well above any comparable national chain and kept very clean., It's very fairly priced for the quality received at this motor court motel. Managers Henry and Emma are great.	
	Very nice hotel.	Nice hotel and very clean rooms .The breakfast was OK but found out that all their dishes were dirtyall the 2 times we eat there :( so we found another place. so look at their cups and glasses. Didnt find the staff so helpfull but friendly. The location is in a very very bad area, but nice that is so close to everything. My boyfriend draged me trough Ellis st. 3 times, cause we turned a litle to soon :) I was so scared, very uncomfy :( Nothing happend to us, but Ive never been so scared before. To meny homeless and junkies I think. We saw a girl pull down her pants right infront of us and just startet to pee, then walked around with her pants down.. funny but chokin` Just remember the name of the street that you have to turn at :) overall we had a very good stay.	
	Better then 15 yeaes ago!!	Have not been there for 15 years. WOW it is even better then I remember! Frist, FREE Parking &amp; SAFE TOO! I took a frist timer to the city, and she fell in love. Great walking, Great Resterants and Bars all within 2 blocks. There is no kind of food you can't get in these 2 blocks. Walk around the block, get on the 30 bus and see the world. We jumped on the 49 bus out front, went to Golden Gate Park and saw King TUT at the de-Young . Then walked around the park for 3 or 4 hours Get a bus pass you can go and see everything you are going to the City to do. The staff was very helpful and will get you on your way. Yes the street side rooms have a little street noise. Hell its the sound of the City. Sleep with the windows open and take it in. THERE IS NO EXTRA CHARGE. Rates are great, and so are the romms. Don't be dumb, stay here and save some $$ to spend on a great time checking out the City. This is the best base you can have on your trip. B Sandbank -Sparks NV.	
Nov 26 2009 	Stay well away from this hotel	i cannot begin to say how terrible this place is. After a very misleading review in the Time Out guide I was anticipating a basic hotel with personality but I couldn't have been more wrong. The manager was kind but beyond him everything was awful. In my room there was no room for clothes, the curtains hung off the rails, the bathroom was filthy. When I discovered that my lock didn't work and my TV was broken the porter was extremely rude and reluctant to help me. He was monosyllabic and very uncomfortable to be around. His customer service was non-existent to the point of being insulting and extremely uncomfortable to be around. The worst point for me was when I found that cash had been stolen from my room. I woke the porter at 7.40am (the desk is unmanned until 8) and he was rude beyond belief. He shrugged his shoulders and asked me what I wanted him to do about it. He then refused to help at all - even with advice about the process of reporting a theft. Finally he told me that he didn't believe I'd been burgled at all. If I hadn't had to get off to a meeting I'd have stayed to talk to the manager but I had to leave by 8. I have registered the crime with the police and I strongly advice the manager to let the man go. He is rude (as other visitors have said) and aggressive and grossly insulting. Do not stay at this hotel.PS I also have been bitten to pieces by some bitey things from my hotel bed. Again, do not stay here.	
Nov 25 2009 	Fantastic Boutique Hotel in the Heart of Union Square	I was in San Francisco for two weeks on business in November 2009. After the first week, I decided to move from the Good Hotel (about 10 min from Union Square) to Hotel Union Square.I stayed in an &quot;executive&quot; suite on the 6th floor (room 604) facing the street. The front desk mentioned the &quot;noise&quot; being moderate, but aside from the trolley bells, only the lightest of sleepers would be disturbed by the sounds below.The room itself was pretty great. Wide and spacious, the bed was incredibly comfortable, and the bathroom was immaculate. The showerhead in particular was impressive. This is easily one of those rooms you could spend all day in comfortably.Like most boutique hotels, I found the staff to be incredibly friendly and attentive. They stored my bags before check-in while my room was being cleaned, and brought them up barely 2 min after I walked into the room. All of my requests were answered immediately.Since you're in the middle of Union Square, there's a ton of food and shopping around. Not a lot open 24 hours, but Lori's Diner is right across the street if you really need pancakes at 2am.The nearby Starbucks - up about a half block - opens at 4am (a nice perk) and just down the street from there are a line of taxis you can use to get to wherever you're going, assuming it's too far to walk.Overall, staying here was an absolute pleasure, and thanks to Orbitz I managed to stay in an amazing suite for about $160 / night.Highly recommended for both first-time and returning travelers.	
	San Fran part two	Average overall but was fine for our needs. Thought we would be in a Japanese hotel but really just a refurbished hotel from the 80's with japanese decor. Still, staff all very pleasant. Room a good size with great big bath - probably the best thing about the room) We had a twin room with plenty of space. 10 mins in a cab from Union Square or a 20 min bus ride from just outside. Only had room so no idea what the restaurant is like. Filmore St a few mins walk up the roab with interesting shops + restaurants.	
Nov 21 2009 	Fantastic boutique hotel!	This is my favorite hotel in SF as both the hotel and the neighborhood are great. The hotel has a fantastic atmosphere and that's what makes this hotel so special. The hotel is only a few blocks from the great dining area on Fillmore Street. Moreover, Japan Town and its many nice sushi places are also only a few blocks away. Another thing I greatly appreciate when staying at a hotel is when you don't feel that the hotel takes advantage of every chance it has to charge you extra; like WiFi, breakfast, printing from the computer in the lobby etc. All those things are complimentary at Queen Anne and the same goes for coffee in the lobby and sherry and cookies in the afternoon. The only thing thats extra is parking, but even that is less than half prices of the other hotels in the area that I know of.Big five star hotels might be nice, but they simply don't have the kind of atmosphere you'll find at Queen Anne. I usually get tired of a hotel after a week or so, but thats not the case with this hotel.The hotel is perfect for both a romantic get-a-way and a long business trip  my wife and I have used it for both several times.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great Marina/Cow Hollow Motel	I thought this was a clean and affordable option in a great area. The hotel is close to Union Street, Chestnut Street, the waterfront, the Presidio and Van Ness Avenue. I was concerned about the quality given a rate of $46 but the room was clean and bright. The bathroom was spacious and functional. There was a fridge and microwave in the room and a basic (no plasma or lcd) tv. The only small issue I came across was that the remote did not work.There is free parking in the lot and a slow elevator if you are on the upper floors. Although the motel is on a busy section of Lombard I did not have any noise issues. I could not check in before 2PM but otherwise service was fine and efficient.If you are not looking for luxury accommodations and want to be in a central location I would highly recommend the Francisco Bay Inn. I noticed they were booked full both nights so consider that when making arrangements however.	
Nov 18 2009 	Very nice hotel	We arrived mid afternoon after a very long flight and were greeted by a very friendly receptionist. Another member of staff (I got the impression it may even have been the owner) chatted with us and told us about the facilities. On hearing of the kettle I mentioned that, being typical Brits, we would love a cup of tea. He immediately went off to fetch a selection of teabags and bottled water for us, and couldn't have been more helpful or friendly.The room was lovely - maybe not as large or filled with every convenience as some hotels, but it felt like someone's home. The free cheese and wine buffet looked very nice, but the jet lag caught up with us by late afternoon so we didn't take part. Breakfast was great - toast, tea,coffee, cereal yoghurts etc.On our final night we were called by reception asking if we needed a taxi for departure - we had actually booked a hire car so didn't require one- but it was a nice touch.Location couldn't be better - right on Union Square. The only complaint whatsoever was that a loud air conditioner seemed to start just outside our window at about 4-5 am both mornings. As we left we mentioned this - seems it belongs to the Steakhouse next door and they are not supposed to start up until much later. The receptionist actually thanked us for bringing it to his attention, and promised that they would look into this. Such was the my positive impression of this lovely hotel, that I genuinely believed that they would do this.	
	A great hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights with a a friend. It is incredible. The staff are amazing, the rooms beautiful, breakfast lovely and we got a special offer so it was quite reasonable cost wise. Like everywhere else in San Francisco, you have to climb uphill a bit to get to it, but it is in a really good location for the centre of the city.	
Nov 17 2009	Very good location	This hotel has a great history and wonderful location. You can easily walk to the Forbidden City and Tienanmen Square. The staff was very helpful, 	
Sep 22 2009 	Truly an heaven on earth	I stayed at the Shangri-la Beijing on my trip to China along with my friends, The Shangri-la hospitality was amazing and the Staff impeccable. I truly salute the wonderful Chinese hospitality	
Nov 15 2009 	A very friendly hotel .	This is a very friendly hotel , perfectly located on a quiet hutong 5 minutes off WangFu Jing . On the opposite side there is a metro station . Very friendly and helpful staff . Ideal for travellers who want a clean and comfortable place to stay .	
Nov 26 2009 	Best place for travelers	Hotel was very nice, the room was wonderful and really fit the price. We got 9 nights in the hotel and we were very please and happy . we got a lot of fun and enjoyed our trip. We got really nice services with the staffs. And very honest.Thank for the hotels service . you are great you did very good job.	
Nov 17 2009 	Dated and feels worn	I've stayed at this place over the years and liked in the past, This is the first visit in about 4 years and this time, the property feels dated. It needs a good renovation. It's functional but less than what you'd expect from a Crowne Plaza. There is a small mall nearby and you can get some restaurants at the next block, but unless you take a taxi or have someone drive you, it's not really a good location (unless you are visiting the Olympic Green, which is within easy walking distance)The breakfast buffet is OK and the day that I ate there, it was packed and the service was poor. It took 3 or 4 reminders and more than 10 minutes for them to bring new bowls out. They took the plates away quick enough but refill of coffee was slow. It still bothers me that people can smoke in the lobby. Some of the other hotels seem to not have that problem.	
Nov 14 2009 	Brilliant holiday	We [hubby and myself] have just come back from 2 weeks at the Shah Tan hotel, and had a brilliant time. We made our own way from the airport to the Hotel, we got a taxi which cost 12 Yuan [12]; as soon as we pulled up at the hotel, the porter from the Hotel was there to take our cases up to the room for us. The room was immaculate; rooms were made up daily but towels and sheets were not always changed. Shower gel/shampoo, toothbrushes, shower cap, combs, slippers and a hair-dryer were provided. Rooms are air-conditioned. There are tea making facilities in the room which were free and there is also a mini bar. There was a wide screen TV [but only 2 or 3 English channels], and a safety deposit box.We visited a number of places. The Forbidden City is a 10-15 minute walk from the Hotel. Entrance fee - 60 Yuan [6] plus we hired an audio guide [costing 40 Yuan with a returnable deposit of 100 Yuan]. A full day could easily be spent in the Forbidden City - we were there from 10am until 230pm and hadnt seen everywhere. Jingshan Park: entrance fee- 20 yuan [2]. Its a huge public park just a couple of minutes walk from the hotel. The park is very popular with locals who gather in many groups to exercise, play music, sing and dance; there are also cafs, as well as some pavilions to look around. The Temple of Heaven: entrance fee 25 Yuan [2.50]. The surrounding of the Temple of Heaven is a very popular park for exercising, and with musicians, singers, dancers and games players. Great Wall/Ming Tombs: we did a trip organised through the hotel which went to the Great Wall, Ming Tombs, a jade factory, silk factory then the International Stadium for a foot massage. The Great Wall was absolutely fab for to see, but steps are really steep; there are different parts of the Great Wall to see but we went to the Badaling Site. We were picked up from the Hotel at 7am, and dropped off again at 530pm and the trip was well worth doing. Birds Nest Stadium: entrance fee: 50yuan [5]. There are souvenir shops and places to buy drinks etc. Lama temple: entrance fee 25 Yuan [2.50] . The Buddhist temple has 5 halls separated by courtyards, each hall taller than the preceding one; there are prayer halls and several rather beautiful incense burners. Getting out and about is easy enough; there is a good subway which charges 20 Yuan per journey whether you do 1 stop or 20 its the same price. Everything is in English as well as Mandarin as well. Nearest subway to the Hotel is Dongsi, about 10-15mins minutes walkEating out:We spent some mornings in the hotel for breakfast; this cost 38 yuan per person per breakfast. It was buffet style and felt there was a good choice - melon and bananas, various types of bread, cakes but also a good choice of cooked food to choose from. We also stayed in the hotel for dinner a couple of nights; they have two menus  a Chinese menu from which there is a large selection to choose from; there is also a Western menu which has burgers, pasta/spaghetti amongst others. One night we had a meal in the hotel  we both had tofu with chilli and rice as well as 2 cokes and 2 lagers. The bill came to 64 yuan [6.40].If we didnt stay in the hotel for breakfast, we went to a place called Alley Caf which was just down from the Hotel. There was a choice of omelette, corn flakes, pancakes with syrup as well as different types of eggs with toast; there was also the choice of either apple juice, orange juice, tea, or coffee. 30yuan each. They have internet access too. A couple of nights we went there for dinner; they do different types of meals, burgers, chips, pizza etc. I had margarita pizza which cost 45 yuan [4.50], and two beers costing 25 yuan each.A favourite restaurant [but a bit more expensive] is the pub called No Name in the Xicheng district. Hubby wanted to try the duck and wed passed this pub looking for another place so went in there. We paid 20 yuan for duck for hubby, tofu dish for me and spring rolls as well as 4 beers. [approx 20]	
Nov 19 2009 	Sunworld Dynasty Hotel - Better than expected	At the last minute, we booked Sunworld Dynasty hotel through the Agoda website. We stayed for five nights and the service we received is on par with standards of a five star foreign-own hotels (e.g. Sheraton). Most staff could communicate in English, which was helpful. (Not a lot of locals in the city can speak/understand English so it was nice to be able to speak our first language at the end of the day). Complimentary bottles of water were provided every day. We had a fair size room with a king bed. Bathroom was also a nice size with a shower and a bathtub. Turn down service was a nice touch. Note that there is only one non-smoking floor. Gym and pool facilities were also very good.	
	It's Westin quality	I travel a lot and stay over 90 nights at various hotels. Although my company does not allow me to stay at five start rated in many countries, I could stay there at this time. I saw many Westin branded hotel don't provide service matches to it's brand, specially at LAX airport. But it is true Westin quality and actually beyond expectation. Hotel staff welcomed me, they are all well trained, and service level was excellent! One of facility I loved there was executive lounge which gives you quiet zone as well as meeting space for sudden necessity. Trained and hardworking staff at lounge were also fantastic! Only drawback was the room I stayed didn't have enough insulation so that I could hear people talking in the hallway if it is loud and vise versa. I definitely stay there again next time I visit Beijing regardless it's business or pleasure and recommend to everybody who visit Beijing.	
Nov 26 2009 	Modern hotel with great customer service	I am in Beijing for 2 months business assignment and i have been staying in Traders Upper East hotel for almost a month now.The main purpose for me to choose this hotel is its price is relatively cheap in this area and it is close to the office (with 5 minutes taxi ride). The hotel is new and modern, a typical business hotel, its facility is also good, especially the gym which it opens till 11pm everyday to cater for business traveler. It is a very neat consideration for a gym-goer like me.Customer service in this hotel is also superb, i checked-in with no fuss at all and the stay till now has been pleasant. Last week my room's air-con unit started to generate noise and when i informed the reception, they instantly upgrade me to the corner room with better view and space with no questions asked. The only complaint i have for this hotel is the choice of breakfast in the morning. I have been staying in this hotel for almost one month now and the breakfast buffet types remained unchanged.I would recommend this hotel to business travelers but not tourists because it is located in the &quot;new&quot; business district, quite far from all the tourist attractions and the hotel is not near the subway station.	
Nov 8 2009 	wonderful location but not your average hotel	A cross between a hotel and a conference facility, The Commune consists of a collection of self-contained accommodation units scattered along a small valley next to the Great Wall with a central hub containing reception, restaurants and other facilities. Whilst architecturally interesting using a variety of styles, the discrete layout avoids spoiling the setting for the nearby Wall and the hotel has its own private section of the Wall which allows guests to enjoy the sight and its pretty surroundings in relative peace in contrast to the throngs visible on more public sections nearby. The layout of the hotel means you may have to stroll through the fresh mountain air to your accommodation but if you don't fancy this then the hotel has a fleet of people carriers available to ferry you around. The two restaurants were good and the staff very helpful and friendly despite their Mau-esque uniforms.	
Nov 24 2009	Could be better	I agree with Kittyhead, the main interest is: It's close to Tienanmen Square &amp; the Forbidden City.My opinion about this hotel is a bit so-so, it's a good hotel, lot of services, nothing really bad but it could be more confortable and clean.People are nice, nothing to say about that. We were unlucky because first night was very noisy in the next room, but other nights were fines.Anyway, we were happy to found rooms here and it's close to shops, restaurants, etc..	
Aug 10 2009 	Good hotel - a bit far from the city center	We stayed in this hotel for three nights and enjoyed our stay. We were in a large room with a free internet connection available directly on the TV. The hotel staff was very friendly although their english was a bit poor.The hotel is located about 15 minutes drive from the city center. Except that it is not really conveniant, it's not a big deal since taxi fares are really low and it is usually easy to find one.We would definitly return it that hotel.	
Oct 6 2009 	Calls itself 5 star but 3 at best	Rooms, halls and lifts are old and stained. Nice gardens on the property, but other hotels have beautiful gardens too. Buffet breakfast was barely edible. No good restaurants. Stay here if you care for the historical significance (Nixon &amp; Mao). Hotel was built in 1954 and it shows.The Shangri-La is much better.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great value and excellent service	Despite all the renovation going on - dusty entrance way, gym and pool out of action, really enjoyed my 5 day stay here. Free internet, spacious and very comfortable rooms. Service with a smile everywhere you go, although sometimes a bit difficult to make yourself understood away from the front desk. Food is OK, but i tended to walk across the road to the cheap and tasty local restaurants where you can eat for less than 3!	
Oct 29 2009 	Highly recommended - what a great place!	On the recommendation of a friend, I stayed at Kelly's Courtyard for two nights after a business trip to Zhengzhou.The place is quiet, clean and comfortable. Comfortable rooms, great staff, a nice rooftop terrace for relaxing, and free wireless. Though a little hard to find for the uninitiated - have the Chinese address written out and ask locals if you are having trouble - it's well worth seeking out. When I return to Beijing, I will return to Kelly's Courtyard.	
	Great Stay for parents wife and the kids	Had two interconnecting rooms over 4 nights. Lovely hotel in great location.Rooms very smart and well appointed. The room was serviced twice a day.Lobby very impressive however the shops on the lobby and two basements floors are very niche / expensive.Breakfast was very very good and restaurant nicely decorated. Fortunately included in our package else its about RMB240 each.Had dinner in same restaurant however that was very average with a limited menu selection I felt.Swimming pool lovely and always empty. Temp nice and warm and plenty of towels etc provided on all the chairs.Good Wi Fi coverage in both the rooms - Complimentary - Wish more hotels did this.	
Oct 29 2009 	Wonderful experience...	I was very pleased with the Kerry Centre. From check in, the staff were very helpful, their English was good and the room was beautiful! The bathroom was spacious, stocked with everything you could think of and the amenities were of exceptional quality. The shower head was the best I have ever experienced in a hotel. Every evening, the bed was turned down, slippers provided, remote controls placed on the bed. Very much appreciated! Room was clean, towels were thick and soft. The Horizon club is their private restaurant area, they provided a good selection of things to choose from for breakfast. At the end of the day, there was a complimentary happy hour that was very nice as well. Good selection of drinks and snacks. Staff there were very attentive.	
Oct 19 2009 	Smart comfortable and perfect position	We have just returned from an 8 night stay at the Swissotel in Beijing - very sad to leave such a homely and welcoming hotel. The hotel is smart, clean and comfortable (yes, the bathrooms are looking a little tired -the odd cracked tile - but pristinely clean and lashings of hot water) and the TV isn't flat screen (as noted in earlier reviews) but it does have good choices including two film channels in English and the usual BBC World and USA/Asian news channels and in hindsight I wouldn't have stayed anywhere else in preference. The common areas are beautifully kept and obviously refurbished, the buffet breakfast offers a huge amount of choice - we actually had a deal with breakfast included which is a huge bonus to start the day (open until 10am) - and the rooms were spacious and comfortable - we had a room on the 8th floor overlooking the front of the hotel and the view was fabulous-even to the hills in the distance on clear days. The staff were very helpful and friendly - we booked trips through the travel desk - probably a bit pricey but the guides were informative and trips included lunch - as newcomers to the country we thought it worth paying the price and were highly satisfied. Even the gift shop staff were happy to chat and not too pushy - after sampling the silk and clothes markets it was a refreshing change. The real bonus for this hotel is its location - semi commercial/semi residential area - 2 theatres next door - one an acrobat theatre and worth going to (prices range form 19 ppn upwards). Immediately in front of the hotel is the subway entrance (20p to go anywhere and very clean,new and easy to use) and to the rear of the hotel a parade of restaurants and starbucks (if you must). Opposite the hotel and over the road is an area of renovated old grain houses which are now restaurants - try the Da Dong- fabulous range of food and not too expensive compared with Western prices - need 2-3 days reservation time but the hotel staff will make them for you. (the Chinese restaurant in the hotel is OK but Western prices) Also behind the hotel (20 mins walk) is a clothes market which is worth a look - tailor made suits and designer shirts and handbags abound - but push hard on price -after being probably fleeced earlier in the week at the Silk Mall we learned quickly and got some good bargains here (go for 10-15% of initial asking price). I spent a day on my own wandering the area while my husband was working and felt perfectly safe despite being the only Westerner in sight - I wouldn't be so keen in London or American cities- which speaks volumes about this and surrounding areas of Beijing. Also fabulous pool and gym - although we were so tired after walking around all day we only visited to look at it. So - would we return to this hotel and recommend it to our friends?- absolutely!! Thank you for a wonderful stay and we look forward to another visit.	
Nov 18 2009 	OK hotel past it's prime	The hotel seems fairly old and could do with some renovation. The rooms are clean and reasonable size. Although a serviced apartment with a kitchen there was no crockery or pots and pans. Location is good - 10 mins walk from nearest subway station and 5 mins to central shopping area and 20mins to Forbidden City	
	Amazing time in Beijing	Whilst in Beijing i had realised i had booked the wrong Hilton back in the UK. Instead of the hilton near the imperial palace i had booked this hotel. Initially being cross with this mistake the anger went out the window once we had arrived at Hilton Beijing. The hotel was amazing! the staff were so friendly and attentive without being overbearing which is sometimes the case in 5 star hotels. Will deffinately return when back in Beijing	
	The Whole Family Enjoyed it!!	My boys are half Chinese. We specially chose this courtyard hotel so they could experence the Chinese culture. This is also a first China trip for my husband. He just loves this place and learned how to say the Courtyard (SihouYan) in Chinese. We have two rooms. Each room is decorated with ancient Chinese furnitures, Chinese style wall paper and etc. The room is sparkly clean. The courtyard is beautiful and painted with red, green bright color with ancient styled patterns. The breakfast was included in the price and you need to pre order it the day before. I am a Chinese, but never stayed in the courtyard hotel before. Remember, this type of the courtyard house only exsits in Beijing. The courtyard hotel is nested in the HuTong (Beijing Style Alley). To learn more about the HuTong, please visite the link to Wikipedia at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hutong. There are Beijing people living in the HuToing and good restaurants and shops nearby. The staff was warm and friendly and helpful. My husband had a haircut across the street for $5. It was kind of fun. This was truly a wonderful experience for the whole family.	
Aug 27 2009 	Surprisingly good business hotel but not well located for tourism.	I stayed in the Xiyuan Hotel on a recent business trip to Beijing, as it was located near to the offices of our business partner. I wasnt expecting that much going in, but it turned out to be far better than my expectations. Upon arrival, it looked a little like a war zone out front, with all the paving torn up, obviously under going some kind of renovations.It isnt all that well located actually, a long 1 hour drive from the airport. It is right across the street from the zoo, but far away from the central city where most tourist attractions are located, thus not the handiest spots for tourists. There are however a few good restaurants and shops within short walking distance, including a few western ones, like Pizza Hut, Pizza Factory, and a Carrefour supermarket. There are a few good opportunities for walking/running nearby, around the quiet tree-lined canal beyond the zoo.Check-in and check-out were very smooth and efficient. Most of the front desk staff spoke reasonable English so communication wasnt a problem, however service in general was very ordinary. The hotel is mainly geared toward Chinese businessmen, so not really up to international standards that youd expect from this category of hotel.The rooms were of average size with comfy king size beds and a small work desk. The rooms were very clean, bright, quiet, and appeared to be reasonably modern and well-maintained. Non-smoking rooms/floors are available so you can escape the tobacco stench common to Chinese hotels. The bathroom was nice enough, however it smelt musty, as if there were a water leak somewhere. Also the stone counter top around the sink was stained and marked, either needing a thorough polishing or replacement. The fruit basket upon arrival was a really nice touch. Free internet was available in the room but it wasnt very fast.The breakfast, included in the price, was nothing to rave about, but it was sufficient. We didnt try any of the other restaurants. I went down to use the hotel gym but found it to be closed for renovation, a common theme in Chinese hotels in my experience. I had a look through the window and it seemed to be fairly well equipped with both cardio and weightlifting equipment. There is also a lap pool there. Overall my experience there was very good, and much better than expectations. Would I stay there again? Well, for tourism, no. But if I had business in the area, yes I would most definitely stay there again, no complaints. Likes: comfortable good quality rooms. Dislikes: musty bathroom, lack of attention to service, poor location	
Sep 28 2009 	adequate	As far as I've noticed, this hotel is aimed mainly at large groups who travel across China. So, from that point of view, it's a typical city business hotel with a good location, spacious rooms and lots of facilities but with a lack of attention to a single guest. All they do is check-in and check-out - one groups comes, another one goes. The only thing to fault is the breakfast. Not much of choice, very crowded and noisy. Location is just across the corner of main shopping and walking streets. The highway in front of the hotel is busy, but I didn't notice much noise from it. Rooms were spacious and clean, bed - comfortable.	
	Great Location Great Staff Great Value for Money	My parents and I stayed here during their visit to China and we had a fantastic time. The two most notable aspects of this hotel are the service and the location.The location is excellent both for walking and taking the subway - which is great if you don't speak much Chinese because the subway can be a good backup plan if you can't get a cabbie to understand you or if you tire of Beijing traffic (which you will). The hotel is practically on top of Dengshikou station on Line 5, only a few stops away on the same line from the Temple of Heaven and Hongqiao Pearl Market. It is also walking distance to the Wangfujing Shopping Street and the Donghuamen Night Market. Technically it is walking distance to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City but its not a short walk, especially if you have already been walking around all day. There are a couple convenience stores within a 2 or 3 blocks for snacks, etc. also. The neighborhood appears sterile at first (nice hotels, department stores) but there are some interesting hutong streets also if you walk around a bit.The staff at the hotel were excellent, especially at the restaurants. The concierge was very helpful in making bookings and arranging tours as well as giving directions. For some reason they recommend taking a taxi as opposed to the subway everywhere but maybe that's because they didn't trust me to get around on my own in the subway - its really quite easy so don't hesitate to take it even if they tell you a cab is their recommendation.The rooms are nice and the beds and pillows are comfortable. All the food we had was good - particularly at the steak restaurant (on our break from Chinese food night). The gym is also well-equipped and larger than I expected.My only complaint was that rooms on the street side of the hotel are pretty noisy. Although they have a nice view if you're sensitive to noise I recommend you stay on the courtyard side.For the money I can't imagine you could find a better hotel in Beijing. The rate we found was at least US$100 less than any of the other five star hotels I looked at.	
Nov 23 2009 	Very Firm Mattress ruined what would have otherwise been an OK stay	Superior room in the third floor of Building B with a king sized bed. Room was of average size, not large but not so small that you couldn't move around. The room looked to have been recently renovated. It sported an LCD TV with a decent selection of English language channels (CNN, BBC, Discovery, HBO, Channel News Asia, etc.) and a view of an inner &quot;courtyard&quot; filled with detritus from the buildings next door. In other words, there was no view at all. Room had some additional amenities (bottled water replenished daily, good set of toiletries, iron and ironing board, in-room safe, but no slippers, bathrobe, or laundry bag. Not sure if laundry is even available). The in-room safe was to small to fit my 13-inch laptop. Bathroom had a separate bath featuring both a hand and a rain shower. There was no bathtub. However, I could not get the rain shower and the hand-held to work separately. Not so bad, actually, as the extra water spray was welcome.Breakfast was average. Good, not great. Decent selection with some variety from day-to-day. Location was good. Just outside a subway station on the #s 2 and 5 lines and two major shopping centers are a walk away.One thing, however, ruined the entire stay for me. The very firm mattress - it had absolutely no bounce to it - made sleeping quite uncomfortable. I guess one can get used to a firm mattress but if you like your mattresses softer (as I do) the Novotel Xinqiao is the wrong hotel to stay in. And what good is a hotel and all its bells and whistles, really, if at the end of the day, you do not get a good night's sleep?	
Oct 14 2009 	Pretty good for a cheap place to stay	Stayed 4 nights in &quot;building 2&quot;. Room simple but cheap, clean and adequate - bed, desk, chair, internet, shower / toilet. Not fancy but that doesn't bother me. Only surprise was the cleaner coming in at 8.30am (she did knock first!) - use the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign if you want to sleep in. Front desk pretty good and spoke adequate English. Easy to miss if you don't know where it is - down a sidestreet. Didn't really investigate the neighbourhood or hotel's other facilities.Convenient for Tsinghua (about 20 minutes' walk to East gate). WuDaoKou subway station about 10 minutes' walk - can get to airport express quite easily (but takes a while along line 13) and also into town. There is an airport bus that can drop you nearby if you know where to get off, but I wouldn't fancy that unless I was sure!	
Mar 15 2009 	Utter bliss in the big city	From the moment we set foot in this little gem, we were treated like royalty. From the elegant lobby to the plush rooms, everything was warm and welcoming. Great beds, beautiful decorations, great bathrooms. Breakfast buffet had something for everyone. Our only negative was the coffee in the 2nd floor breakfast room; even at opening at 6am it was bitter and tasted like it'd been cooking all night. The workout rooms, pool, and two hot tubs are awesome. Lots to do in the neighborhood; great hot pot restaurant close by. Tao Temple/Cultural Center across the street, open to the public. Stop by Yashow Market a few blocks away; much better than the Silk Market, less pushy sales people, and better prices.	
Oct 23 2009 	A great choice!	I stayed there for few days in September this year. The price is accidentally cheap!! I had a club room but only about RMB1000 per night. The location here is suitable for business and leisure. I enjoyed their cocktail hours very much for the free flow champagne. The room is modern and the view is not bad. The bed, quilt and pillows are so comfortable! The steak is amazing in their X-Change bar! That must be my best steak ever in Beijing. However I had seen the most ridiculous scene ever in my past hotel experience. I saw two hotel girls chased around in the club lounge like playground. The fat woman in suit must be in some kind of management level, so that how could she does that? It is really really ridiculous and unprofessional. Besides that my stay was pleasant.	
Jul 20 2009 	Exceptional and exceeded expectations (which are already very high for Aman)	This is an amazing property. It has all of the expected qualities of an Aman resort:- incredible design- exceptional service- feel-at-home atmosphere- incorporation of local culture into all elements of the property- luxurious amenities / facilitiesThis, like other Aman properties, is a place to go so that you can feel human again!In addition, this property is unique because of its historical significance and access to the Summer Palace. During our stay, we were treated to a semi-private performance of the Beijing Opera inside the Summer Palace grounds (with drinks catered by Aman). Though this does not appear to be a regular occurrence, it is indicative of the access that the Aman has and close relationship between the property and the Summer Palace.The only criticisms I have of the property are 1) the Chinese-style chairs used throughout can be a bit uncomfortable -- i.e., not as &quot;loungey&quot; as other Aman properties (though staff are quick to add a pillow to help out) 2) no natural light at the swimming pool (though it is still quite lovely).This is a must-see property and experience. It certainly isn't inexpensive but the experience is worth the cost. You will feel as if you are living like the Empress Dowager herself (but with the benefit of modern ammenities -- plasma screens, a private movie theater, spa facilities, etc.).My only other recommendation would be that you focus your visit on the property and the Summer Palace (minimum of 2 nights) instead of using the property as a base for exploring the city. The property is relatively far from the city which makes it hard to step out and see the sites. I'd suggest a few nights in the city (Peninsula is my pick) and then a few nights out at the Aman. Thumbs up on another great addition to the Aman portfolio!	
Nov 24 2009 	Beautiful warm hotel	We stayed for 5 nights last week, and this is definately a 5 star hotel. We arrived by taxi around 5pm, and were swiftly checked in and given a welcome drink. We were shown up to our room, which was huge, with separate lounge area, massive bathroom and closed off bedroom area. We only got the cheapest class of room, but I couldn't have wanted anymore. We didn't have a view of anything, but it was so quiet I couldn't fault the room location.As discussed previously, the hotel is perfectly located on the main Shopping street Wangfujing, with a subway station 30 seconds walk away. Tiananmen Sq and Forbidden City are about 10 mins walk away (we are slow walkers!)Our room was cleaned each day with fresh towels and bottled water, and bed turned down at night with a bedtime story on your pillow (although I would have preferred a chocolate!)Breakfast was served in the East33 restaurant each morning and while the selection of food is outstanding, the 'hot' food left a lot to be desired... Most pancakes/hash browns/ rice/ dumplings etc were almost cold and the french toast was like a rock. One morning we had breakfast at 6.30am when the restaurant first opened and it was much better. The cold food selection of fruit/pastries/cereals is great. The mini bar was extortionately expensive - even for a five star hotel. A small OJ was over $10!! Anyway, don't take from it and it's not a problem! The night markets are just up the road and plenty of restaurants and things to see up there.We had room service one night of Sweet and Sour Pork and it was stunning, the best I've ever eaten.Would definately stay again!	
Nov 18 2009 	Good hotel	The location of the hotel was a definite plus and the staff was very friendly. The breakfast was excellent. The buffet includes a chef that will cook up an omelet, pancakes, etc. The other restaurant in the hotel was not anything extraordinary. Good hotel for all types of travelers. The only downside was a strange smell throughout the hotel. I think it could be the scent of the kitchen from the breakfast spilling into the main hotel. I did not find the beds that great either, but all in all not bad.	
	value for money	we were going to LA with a stop over of two nights &amp; three days at Beijing. i did a lot of looking into the Inter-net to select a suitable &amp; pocket friendly hotel in Beijing. Location was our main consideration. Our Agent helped us to get to this cute little Hutong Hotel pretty close to most attractions of Beijing. For 110 USD per day it is not an inexpensive hotel by Beijing standard but I thinf it was worth every USD.Nice room, fairly big , with traditional chinese decor, hand-crafted furniture, goodly bathroom with modern amenities, the hotel was all that we wanted. I must make a special mention of the Reception Staff, which was simply fabulous-- very cooperative, helpfull, &amp; extremely pleasant &amp; most importantly, nglish speaking.They made up for shortcoming, if any.It offered Chinese &amp; Continental b'fast which was just Ok but sumptuous. Free Inter-net &amp; a cosy little bar, not forgetting small courtyard with swing etc.though centrally located, it is off the main road with a narrow alley leading to it. This meant walking for 2-300 m to get to the main road to get a cab or bus. Minor irritant, considering so many plus points. Extreme winter may be difficult with breezy corridors.	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent Place to Stay	This is an excellent place to stay if you need a clean and comfortable bed, nice and fully equipped kitchen and laundry machine. It is very spacious. Beware though, most taxi drivers cannot find the place as the hotel is located inside the street,. The breakfast is really nothing just enough to fill your stomach. There were some unfriendly voices on the phone by some receptionists on my first day but I got excellent service on the rest of my stay. Everything were provided including water but there was no dishwasher soap to my surprise. The internet is extra $15 or 100 yuan a day and I would rather have free internet than free minimal breakfast. The restaurant food was also not good for my taste. But overall, this apartment hotel is excellent based on the room alone.	
Nov 19 2009 	Pretty good	Very low price, and a decent hostel.Located in the famous hutongs in the middle of old Beijing (like 1-2 km south of Tiananmen Square). A 10+ minute walk to reach Hepingmen subway station.	
	Excellent stay	I stayed at the hotel 3 nights with a twin deluxe. The employees were helpful and always pleasant. The location is very close to the subway and a WU mart (south of the subway station) (like a mini walmart) for shopping. Its about a 15-20 minute walk to the birds nest. I walked there and took the subway back. Official Cabs are cheap, so its a good choice if you have a lot of bags to the airport instead of the subway (only use official cabs to and from the airport) its easy to tell which ones are official and which ones are not. If someone at the airport asks if you need a taxi say no. Then go to the official taxi stand at the airport. It cost me about 50-60 Yuan for 2 people from the hotel to the airport. The subway is easy and excellent to use and the best way to get around (without alot of luggage). The bakery near the Wu mart is also excellent. I was pretty concerned with getting food poisoning and had no issues with the bakery and WUmart for food. The rooms were very clean with a big stand up shower. Every night the staff brought oranges to your hotel room. It was a great stay and I would go again.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great hotel in great position	Stayed here for 3 nights. Hotel, large business type but very good. Rooms spacious , clean and comfortable. Hotel has a geat indoor pool and fitness centre. Breakfast very good.The really good thing is the easy and fun walk in the evening. Walk towards the Bell tower, right on the main road infront of the hotel and then left at the traffic lights. On a gentle stroll down this road will pass all sorts of eating places and life. At the end of that street on the right are 2 excellent restaurants, a Vietnamese and a Chinese. Go round the corner and you come to an allyway on your right which takes you into the Hutong area by the lake which is brillaint for night life, bars and restaurants. Strongly recommend hotel and area	
Apr 21 2009 	Hua Wei Business Appartment Hotel	This is truly an outstanding value! We stayed for ten days with two children, age 9 and 15. Price was USD $110 per night including all taxes for a large two BR, two full bathroom, spacious living room and small kitchen. Hotel is located in the middle of a busy shopping district with large department stores all around. We could see the Forbidden City in the distance. Go armed with a map with the location clearly marked with a big red X as even with the hotel's business card most taxi drivers seemed confused as to the location and needed some direction from me. They also don't seem familiar with the name of the big department store Huawei Center of which the hotel occupies the 9-11 floors. As other reviews have mentioned, it isn't on Xidan but instead is located on the small side street Tangzi (Hutong). The photo of the big building posted by an earlier reviewer was most helpful in finding it the first time, and also there are a couple of pedestrian overpasses going across Xidan that serve as a good landmark. Again you NEED a map with you to show to taxi drivers to get back there. The awning is now orange instead of green as per previous reviews, and it is located on the north side of the street. The room itself was clean and generally in good repair but not perfect. Housekeeping cleaned every day, fresh towels, etc. My only major complaint is that they cut off the heat the week before we arrived and the weather in Beijing (Apr 3-5) was cool with highs in the 50s and lows in the upper 30s F at night. The rooms have functional air conditioning but the heat is central. They provided us extra blankets and we used the oven (electric 'broil') to help warm up the apartment in evenings and mornings. It wasn't bitterly cold but the room was probably 60-65 at night. Happily by our third day it had warmed up and the rest of the stay was comfortable. Showers and hot water were great, housekeeping did a very good job. Desk staff spoke limited English-it was kind of hit and miss, though usually there was someone there that spoke a few words of English. We found the staff to be very friendly and they always tried to be helpful. They also arranged taxis for our two full-day Great Wall hikes. Their taxi tour prices were a bit high and you might want to negotiate a bit with their vendor. Lots of very nice and reasonably priced restaurants all around (local prices, not tourist rip-off prices) and this was great especially for kids who got tired of Chinese food. Lots of pizza, a Sizzler, DQ, McDonalds, Starbucks, KFC, Yoshinoya's (Japanese fast food). There is a small bakery across the street on the street level by McDonalds entrance. Very few non-Chinese people in that area and it definitely does not have a tourist feel at all. It felt very safe there. The pool was very nice and just long enough for laps (small $3 USD fee per use) and the gym also charges a small fee and was not much--a couple of exercise machines, ping pong, and a squash court. The breakfast buffet was nice, price $7 USD. Location of hotel is very central, one could walk to places like the Forbidden City though it was over one mile away. Taxis are cheap, pleantiful, and always right outside the hotel front door so we just took them all the time and saved the hiking for other places. Bank of China is in the building 4th floor but you have to go out and back in the store entrance to get there. Internet access worked fine and was free. I most highly recommend this for the price and value! This is not the best place to stay if you are a demanding or needy traveler. However you will not find a better value anywhere in Beijing for family travel. I would definitely stay again.	
Nov 25 2009 	Nice Hotel for Beijing but Not 5 Stars!!	On arrival into the spacious driveway of the Holiday Inn, Temple of Heaven, it is easy to be impressed. This is the most modern looking building within blocks of the area. The front lobby is very large and open but is not inviting. The staff at the front desk are very attentive but do not speak anything close to conversation level English. My wife and I received our room of two twin beds, which we had been advised about when we booked our tour package. The room was located on the fourth floor and was very spacious. The beds were spaced out far enough apart so that we were not crammed. The room had a small bathroom but large walk in shower. The bay window overlooked a bustling Beijng Street. A window seat made it nice to sip wine or beer and take in the local atmosphere without hacking up a lung in the smog. The only knock I had about the room was that the heat was always on, even when we attempted to turn off the heat, and even turn on the air condition, the room was like an oven. Granted, the temperature outside was 45 degrees farenheight, the room was very warm. The beds were comfortable for twins, and the television had the standard CNN/Headline News, HBO Asia (which is in English and shows Western movies like Lethal Weapon,) and ESPN. The Business Center does charge to check email 10 Yuen for 10 minutes and there is a grocery store directly across the street. Be forewarned we were told by our private tour guide NOT to walk the streets of the area after dark as the neighborhood is less than desireable. However, we were in walking distance of the impressive Temple of Heaven, and an easy cab ride to Tiannmen Square and the Forbidden City. Our room rate came with a daily breakfast buffet which served American and Chinese food. The buffet was excellent our first day and below average the second day but free is free. A very nice no frills no thrills hotel, but we had a very comfortable stay	
Sep 3 2009 	Good base camp for Beijing	We stayed for 5 nights at the Xinyuan Inn and used it as a base camp for our exploration of Beijing. I'm rating it as 'very good' for what it is: a good budget choice for those who want to escape the Western hotel 'bubble,' but don't want backpacker accommodations either. Pros:- Great location within reasonable walking distance of many sights- Good bus access that's easy to figure out for short hops to sights and subway- OK access to subway (15-20 minute walk, faster if you figure out the buses)- Grocery store within a block- Great view of the Drum Tower from our room- Reliable air conditioning: vital!- Value for money: at roughly $50 per night for two people, this was an economical choice over Western brand hotelsCons:- Most (not all) staff not exactly super helpful; not a huge surprise in Beijing- Breakfast selection was meh and available for just one hour per day (7:30-8:30)- Street noise could be a problem, particularly on weekends - earplugs usefulWhile the property is technically located in a hutong, and thus off busy streets, the hutong is rather modern and touristy by hutong standards - not a bad thing. Beijing suggestions:- For those who enjoy the outdoors and like hiking, strongly recommend Cycle China's 'Best-sell One Day Secret Great Wall Hike'- Hutong bike tour (we also used Cycle China for this)	
Nov 23 2009 	Did the Job	An unremarkable but more than adequate hotel. Breakfast buffet was quite extensive, facitlites were ok, although the swimming pool was closed while we were there. staff reasonably helpful, rooms pleasant and clean ans comfortable.	
Oct 6 2009 	Good Quiet Hotel near Forbidden Ciy	When we stayed here in July '09, the beds were what we in the US call &quot;double beds&quot;, meaning two adults could sleep comfortably enough, unlike what many Chinese hotels call double beds which are really between a twin and a double and do NOT fit two adults comfortably. We had one room with two double beds for our family of four, and it was fine, much like, say, a Marriott. The marble tiled bathroom had a nice feature: a glassed in shower in addition to a tub with a shower, so two people could shower at the same time (perfect for our two kids). There was free WiFi in each room but we didn't pack our laptop. You could rent a laptop right in your room (or was it a desktop?) but we used our BlackBerry to check email and write to our blog so we didn't go that route.Our view was okay--looked out over Beijing. From rooms on the other side of the hotel, though, you could see the roofs of the Forbidden City, the back end of which is about a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel. Just outside the hotel door and to the left is a busy shopping street with restaurants. Further down the street, away from the hotel, the street is busier with more shopping opportunities if that suits you (not important to me on this trip). The staff were responsive when we needed them but we didn't have any problems so we didn't really test them. Check out was as expected: quick and accurate. The breakfast buffet is filled with Western and Chinese dishes. We didn't eat any other meals there so can't speak to that.Over all, this was a safe, quiet hotel, which is exactly what I want when I'm in a city.	
Oct 16 2009 	great service good location and clean rooms	check-in:efficient and smiling staff attended to our luguage and rooms. the experience was pleasant but a tad too long.room:we had a 2 bedroom suite. not as spacious as the ascott beijing but good enough for the 4 of us. there's a balcony from the master bedroom. there's almost more television channels in this apartment.breakfast:very disappointing with no egg station, no wholemeal bread, only white bread, sad-looking pastries, salad, fried noodles and other chinese food that's bland and oily. location:convenience stores and many food joints just round the corner or a street away. although this apartment is further form the city, it was only 15mins ride from summer palace. catching a cab was difficult, so you will need to walk out to the main street to get one. if you are ok with bus and trains, they are close by as well.	
Oct 20 2009 	Lovely and charming small "house" in middle of hutong	We stayed here two nights by accident. Hotel we booked was full so we got an e-mail from them saying we could stay here instead..with the same price. So we agreed.It proved to be good agreement. I have rarely, if never, seen this kind of service in Chinese hotels and I have seen plenty of them. Service was simply fantastic. This is indeed refreshing option to standard 4-5 star chain hotels. And it comes with good quality breakfast and wi-fi access in rooms too. If you are not experienced traveling in China this is really good place to start your adventure - it gives you really good vibes and taste of hutong life. But beware - after this it might not get any better.	
Jul 21 2009 	Easy Access to Subway	Staying for 5 days in this hotel. Quite hard to find and taxi driver did not know where it is. Fortunately we meet a westerner who know where the hotel and we follow through his direction to the hotel.The hotel is near the subway station (sanyuanqiao) and the station is also ABC (airport beijing city) station. Therefore, easy access from the airport (the ABC train) and all over beijing city (subway).Some reception staffs can not speak english but they are helpful. Quick check in. Breakfast voucher must be collected at the front desk everyday. Breakfast is not that generous but worth the price.Overall nice and clean room. The bed is soft (compared to other hotels in China).You must take and collect your laundry by yourself at the front desk, they wont deliver it to your room.Since the food selection is not that great, we walk to the the Novotel Sanyuan Hotel just back-to-back with Ibis Sanyuan Hotel.There's no free mineral water in the room, so you'd better buy some to stock at your room.Free internet on the lobby!	
Jun 29 2007 	Great little hotel in Haidan (University District)	I was booked into this hotel by Chinese friends at Beijing Jiatong University at the last minute...but couldn't have asked for a better hotel. For just over 20 GBP per night I had a little haven which I looked forward to returning to each night. Chic and stylish rooms - a lot of thought had gone into a good-looking, functional design with money spent where it mattered. Comfortable beds, crisp white sheets and a wonderful bathroom with huge walk-in shower (no bath). Also a choice of aromatherapy and anti-allergen pillows as well as fluffy white bathrobes and take-away soft slippers.It was not a room with a view as windows set quite high in wall. I had reservations when the receptionist explained this to me as I like light and space, but once I saw the room I knew it wouldn't be a problem. The windows were attractively screened and the relative shade kept things cool (no need to use the excellent air-con). No mini-bar but range of snacks and soft drinks available in room and drinking water provided on-tap in the bathroom. Satellite TV included CNN, sports and CCTV 9 amongst the Hong Kong and Chinese stations. Don't usually have breakfast in hotels so didn't try the buffet breakfast, but at only 28RMB it was cheaper than a coffee in Starbucks! Guests were mostly Chinese conference attendees but I did see other Western guests most days. This is primarily a business hotel with a business centre, Wi-Fi access etc but as a tourist I found the staff helpful and welcoming and I would happily stay here again. There is a reasonably large supermarket just across the road from the hotel and a huge market round the corner selling almost everything including the kitchen sink! Local restaurants mainly catered for students and not much English was spoken but most seemed to have picture menus which helped a lot.I commuted into central Beijing most days which took about 30 minutes and felt quite safe returning to the hotel later in the evening (around 10 -11.00). The hotel is a 5-minute taxi ride / 7-8 minute bus ride to the nearest Underground station which is XiZhiMen.	
Nov 21 2009 	VIC the best place to go!	Almost every week, I go to VIC, sixth floor of WanDa Sofitel, Beijing, for business dinner or parties with friends. I have to say in the past 12 month, the service/food/drinks have been greatly improved and reached a very high level. Mr. Reto, the director of food/beverage of the hotel, provided excellent service with his team, not only at VIC but also at the French restaurant managed by Mr. Damia. By improving the way of store red/white wine, the restaurant now offers drinks with much better taste.Teddy Yan	
	Great 4-start hotel in a great location	I hand-picked this hotel for my group based on tripadvisor.com ratings and was not disappointed. Plenty of nearby shopping and close to the places you want to visit. The hotel lobby was welcoming, the breakfast was very westernized, and the rooms were upscale and clean. The hotel staff were also very friendly and helpful. My only complaint is the prostitutes that hustle business in front of the hotel. If you're a male walking alone at night, expect to be approached by overly friendly women on the sidewalk -- even in very cold weather.	
Oct 27 2009 	Fabulous!	Incredible value!!!This is a GREAT hotel in all aspects, if you do not mind being in the city center. The rooms are really as represented on their website, fab bathrooms and amenities, very unexpected considering their rates. Internet is complimentary and not restricted, great pool and spa, variety in dining options and the whole look of the hotel is very chic. Metro stop is 2 blocks away and a few minutes and the ride to Tiananmen Square is about 20 minutes on the same line. Taxis are inexpensive and hotel is on main road to downtown very near &quot;ring road 5&quot;. Staff is very helpful although language is still a bit of a barrier, but they do try their best.This is one of the best value for the money I have ever encountered!	
Nov 11 2009 	Can't go wrong...	very solid hotel in good location - walking to hi-end shops and close to Tienamen Square. Very safe. Beds a little hard but that is common in China. This place was solid without any real red flags. We got it as part of tour package so not sure of pricing but this is a solid cant go wrong business class hotel that was more than fine for tourists. Comparable to a Four Points or a Courtyard.	
	Excellent realistic Chinese Courtyard Accommodation	We can't recommend this hotel enough. It really is an authentic Chinese Courtyard hotel in a good location in Beijing. We stayed in a deluxe suite room with en-suite, which was a good size and very clean. The bathroom is a little small but the amenities were fine. The staff were very helpful in arranging taxi's and tours. Use of the computer and internet were free. Breakfast was served in the &quot;courtyard&quot; and although only a small selection of food, it was adequate but unfortunately the freshly brewed coffee was luke warm. If you want to feel part of the community, this hotel is fantastic.	
Nov 15 2009 	Superb modern hotel	Because our reservation was messed up, likely by internet booking agent, it took an hour or so to get things straightened out and we got upgraded to suite. The hotel is modern and beautiful in area with many other new hotels. It's not in city center but only cheap 20 minute taxi ride, so it's worth staying here and saving some money compared to more costly center hotels.	
Sep 19 2009 	Exceeded our expectations	Brought a long weekend away at a charity auction for this hotel. It really was a beautiful Hotel - in a French classic style. It seemed to be very quiet during our stay, which didn't bother us. Hotel is about 1 year old. Rooms - very clean and spacious with everything you could ask for in a 5 star hotel. Big bathroom with Loccitane amenites. Slippers and robes were a notch above average which pleased my wife very much !Pool / Gyym / Spa - Gyym is good with plenty of new equipment, the pool was indoor, but not heated, but it was the middle of summer so it was great. (swimming caps were compulsory, which you could buy at the pool reception). Massage prices seemed on the pricier side for China, but you don't expect anything less from a Hotel in this range.Food / Restaurants - Breakfast was normal daily buffett with selection of Asian and western fare. Room service, which I normally make allowances for was actually very good, my wife and I ordered a laksa and a club sandwich after our late night arrival and not sure if it was because we were tired / hungry but the food was great.Portuguese restuarant - very well done technically with good produce, it's just that I don't particularly like Portuguese food I realise now ( stick with Peking Duck at Da Dong, 5th floor above Gucci on next block - 2 minutes walk )Location - Big shopping centre 5 minutes walk. Starbucks across the road. Plenty of dining options nearby. Probably 15 -20 minute walk to Forbidden City and Tiananmen square. 5-10 minute walk to SubwayService was good with the staff more than happy to assist wherever they could. One thing though the hotel corridors look down into the lobby, so those that are afraid of heights I would suggest the lower floors. Not a real big deal though.Would definately stay there when next in Beijing.	
Aug 4 2008 	Very good business hotel	Very good location on 3rd ring road. Near a nice mall with supermarket and Starbucks, and other food court type options. Room was very comfortable with all usual amenities/services of 4-5 star hotel. Must ask for nonsmoking hall since my second stay during trip was on smoking hall/room. The room was ok but walking down the hall with others who smoked and left the doors open was quite unpleasant.Restaurant was good for western and chinese foods. Breakfast was really good for all the options available.Lobby was attractive and staff was quite good. I found that the best service was from the asst mgr versus the young staff at front desk. They did all that is expected but English was only fair. Friendly to the max but communication is always a challenge.Cost was outstanding as booked by local customer, 580 rmb.	
Nov 13 2009	Comfortable and peaceful place to say	We stayed here for 3 nights during our 5 day sight-seeing tour. From the time of our arrival to the point of departure we were served and treated with utmost courtesy and care. The facilities were just what you want after a long and hard day taking in the sights of Beijing. The breakfast, included with accommodation, was very good, full of choice and variety. The hotel is located away from the hustle and bustle of the city traffic. The hotel charges, as with most Beijing hotels these days, was a bit too outlandish. (Pity). Otherwise, this hotel is the one to stay.	
Nov 12 2009 	Old but still very good	Sure the hotel is more than I think 20 years old, but it is still very good. The rooms are large and comfortable. Most important clean. Beds are comfortable.Internet was fast, Skype and iChat worked great.Food in the cafe shop is good and fortunately a lot of western foods.The really great thing is the location. Close to the airport and quite close to the centre of the city and every taxi driver knows the &quot;Lido&quot;.One thing I was missing, was an electric plug next to the bed, so that you can recharge the mobile phone etc next to you.	
Oct 24 2009 	One of the worst hotel experiences ever	Fair warning, this review is going to run long. I checked into Kempinski Beijing with my girlfriend in late October because the price and location combination offered through Gtahotels.com was pretty good. We have had breakfast at this hotel once before and my girlfriend like it. So we expected a decent stay. However, the nightmare started as soon as we started checking in. Since the booking was done online, the front desk staff couldn't find the reservation, and we were told to comeback in a few hours. I didn't make much of this, and went off shopping with my girlfriend. When we came back later, we were given a room on the non-smoking floor (8th floor to be exact). As soon as we sat down on the bed we knew something was funny. The room seemed dated, and the carpet looked old, but the bed and everything else seemed clean. Well, not so quick. The bed literally sank! And as you run your hands on the bed, you could feel the springs popping. This is one saggy bed that has seen its day and should have been retired a long time ago. The girlfriend tried to lay down, and it sagged further. There is just no way this bed is going to do, not for any hotel, not to mention a 5 star hotel. At this point the girlfriend is starting to get agitated. I promptly called the front desk and was told all the beds in the hotels are of the same quality, but they would despatch a housekeeping staff to look into it.Upon arrival, the housekeeping staff informed us, yes, this is indeed an old bed and confirmed the rest of the hotel is going to be no better. It was clearly an attempt to dissuade us from switching rooms. She then suggested perhaps they can bring up a piece of wood board to fit underneath the mattress to reduce the sagging. I reluctantly agreed. So a few minutes later a big piece of plywood board shows up. But the board is only big enough to fit half of the bed, and it would mean one of us will still have to sleep on the sagging side. The board helped a little, but it was far from desirable. The housekeeping staff left without offering anymore help. Needless to say my girlfriend was not pleased, and it turned into a fight between us. By this time, it was already late in the night, and I wanted to be able to sleep. So on a lark, I decided to reserve another room to see if there is indeed as the hotel suggested, all the same. Of course, this meant online reservation and more waiting for the front desk to confirm. As it turned out, the hotel was fully booked, and I was given a room on the executive floor for the same price (14th floor). As soon as I waked into the room, I set down on the bed and felt an immediate difference. While not the best quality bed I have experienced, but it was firm and seemed ordinary, at least befitting a 4 star quality hotel. You can imagine I was furious at this point. I would have no qualms of paying more money for a better bed or a better room, but it took me booking another room just to find out. The staff at the hotel either didn't care, or simply lied. At this point, my girlfriend was even more upset. She called the front desk and asked to speak to the manager. The front desk manager Ms. Dun told her once again that all the beds are the same, and there should be no difference. My girlfriend demanded the manager to come up to the rooms and compared the beds for herself. Ms. Dun reluctantly showed up later, but she simply refused to even touch the bed, and continued to state that as staff, they don't sleep on the beds, so therefore there is no way for them to tell the difference. As far as she was concerned, they are all the same. My girlfriend was not going to let her off the hook, and she demanded to speak to Ms. Dun's boss. This is now almost 1am in the morning, and miraculously some lady got on the phone. She was apologetic, and she offered to cancel the reservation on the room with the bad bed, and suggested she would like to apologize in person the next day. Of course, no one contacted us the next day. Although we intended to stay for only 2 nights, I had to head back to US for business after 2 nights, and my girlfriend wanted to stay for 2 more nights. Due to the fact Gtahotels.com reservations are all pre-paid, which means I have already paid 4 nights, I thought a simply reservation change for the dates would do. But after numerous phone calls, and much discussion with the hotel front desk amounted to nothing. As part of the challenges of traveling in China, if there is changes for hotels or flights, it is incredibly difficult or frustrating because the hotels and airlines in China follow a very rigid reservation system that cannot be changed on the fly. To keep things simple, I offered to leave and pre-sign a credit charge slip with the front desk with my credit card so when my girlfriend checks out there would be no problems. All the charges would go on my name. I explained this to two different front desk managers, Mr. Dun and Barry. And I was told there will be no problems whatsoever, my girlfriend would be taken care and treated with respect.I think you can guess by now what happened next. When my girlfriend was checking out, she explained the situation to the front desk clerks. And she was told flatly no, that she would have to pay. Regardless the fact they even have the pre-authorized credit card slip with my signature on it. After back and forth for 10 minutes, the clerk yelled at her and told her &quot;you have to pay!&quot; in front of other guests. She was made to feel like a thief. Seeing she was going to be late for her flight, she stood her ground and left. Kempinski is a worldwide chain of luxury hotels and resorts, and it operates two properties in Beijing area. But this kind of rude and inconsistent service is appalling. I understand and expect lousy and subpar service from some Chinese operated hotels, but for a western company, this is utter unbelievable. I will not quibble with the equipment and hardware with a hotel if the service and attitude can make up for it. But for an older, rundown joint, this is simply acceptable. I travel to Beijing and China on a monthly basis, and have stayed in Grand Hyatt, Regent, China World, Kerry Center and the Pennisula, but none is as remotely bad as Kempinski. I wonder if the fact that I a Chinese American that has led them to treat us this way. Regardless, I will never ever stay at a Kempinski property again, and I will keep telling others this story so they will stay away as well.	
Nov 6 2009 	Beyond Expectations	Upon our arrival we were please to find that Holiday Inn had met our request for an early check in of 7am! The rooms were way beyond our expectations - after a long day of sightseeing we could look forward to returning to the comfort of our room. The free wi-fi in the rooms and the computer terminals provided at common areas were a real bonus. Receptionist were helpful. Only possible downside is the location - not walking distance to a subway. However it is very conveninent and relatively cheap to catch a bus or cab. For the price paid and the quality of the rooms and service provided, I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again if I were to return to Beijing!	
Nov 25 2009 	Fine hotel for a reasonable price	Decent rooms - friendly staff. Free internet is nice. Very close to Main Train Station and Subway.Many shops, supermarkets and McDonald closeby.Walk to the subway in 5 minutes and explore the city.For those who can not find it:When you stand with your back to the trainstation - go right !There you will pass a busstation. Go into the first street to your right.There is a huge hotel on the corner. At the end of the street you will see a policestation.Go right and after 50 metres you will find the hotel on your left hand.	
Jun 23 2008 	Nice Hotel	I stayed here during a three day tour of Beijing while I was in China. Overall, it was a good experience. Rooms were very well appointed. Everything had a very modern feel. Surfaces were marble or granite, and the furniture was rich wood. As others have mentioned, the mattress was typical for that region of the world. Beds are extremely firm and require some getting used to. This hotel was no exception. The bathroom offered every necessary toiletrie, from toothpaste to q-tip.Although we didn't spend much time in the hotel, the common facilities were nice. There were a full host of business services, at least one shop for souveniers and miscellanous goods. There was also one cafe, and at least two additional restaurants. One offered a free breakfast buffett, which was both Eastern and Western style. We ate in both restaurants and food quality was on par with restaurants in the surrounding area.The surrounding area is pretty docile. There isn't much in the immediate vicinity. We were there over the Chinese New Year and most places were closed for the holiday. The Pearl Outlet was nearby but was also closed. They did have several statues and stone carvings celebrating the upcoming Olympic games which were neat to see.Overall, this is a great place to stay if you are conducting business in the local area, or are participating in a fully guided tour of the area. Certainly 4-star quality.	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice trendy hotel location not too bad.	I stayed in this hotel for one night. As this is a fairly new place some of the taxi drivers did not know where it was and/or did not want to drive there. Once I have eventually arrived at the hotel, I was very pleasantly surprised with the decor of the lobby/ground floor area. It was very stylish and modern. I found the reception's staff geeting me with 'Aloha' a bit out of place, but I guess they are briefed to say that to keep up the coroporate image.As I have a Starwood Preferred Guest member, I was given a small gift upon-check in. It was only a couple of fridge magnets in a gift box, but nevertheless a nice gesture.My room was nice and roomy, there are tea and coffee facilities in each room and you get two complimentary bottles of water plus some toiletries by 'bliss'.The location is not great. It is at the last metro stop and you then need to take a taxi, but if you are not planning on going to see the historic sites in Beijing, then you will be ok.I chose to have some breakfast in the hotel, which was really tasty and there was a good selection of dishes. There are a couple of computers to use in the communal area, as well as a pool table. There is also a small swimming pool and a gym area.I would definitely stay in this hotel again, but only if I did not plan to travel to central Beijing, as it can take a long time. The location is ok if you plan to do a lot of shopping, as there is a big shopping centre just few minutes away from the hotel and there are plenty of eating options around, including restaurants that serve a dog meat!	
	Great !!!!!!!!!!!	This is a great hotel in Beijing !!!! the price is affordable, the location is great, the staff is awesome (and speaks English haha),they translate everything for you in Chinese, the rooms are very nice, there is organized tours that you can do (highly suggested in Beijing). We had a great experience there, this hotel made our stay in Beijing very relaxing.	
Nov 17 2009 	Hotel is OK...Service is Horrible	I brought my team from all over China to Beijing for a conference and we stayed at this hotel for two nights. When we arrived, we were informed that the hotel might not have hot water in the morning but our reservations were pre-paid so there was nothing we could really do about it! Then we discovered that the hotels main elevator bank wasnt working so we had to use an alternative set of elevators that were located very far from our rooms. When I finally got to the room, it was really HOT. There were no windows I could open to cool off the room, there was no air conditioning that worked, and thus no way to cool down the room. When I asked for another room, they refused to move me until I threaten to leave the hotel. They finally gave in and found a room that wasnt sweltering hot. All-in-all, if the hotel had things like hot water, well regulated temperatures in the rooms, and friendly service, it would be a decent hotel but I am not going back to give it another try.	
Sep 13 2009 	What a disaster	What an absolute and complete disaster. This hotel will never be a 5 start hotel of international standards with service as it is. I came here because one of my Shanghai contacts recommended it. Know as a hotel where all of Shanghai business people stay, perhaps it is better recommended for Chinese travelers. English speakers beware as everyones English is minimal. I paid top price to be on the executive floor. Rooms are very small compared to comparable hotels and prices in Beijing. The laundry is included in the price and done on premises. Sounds good in theory. Unfortunately for me, the hotel doesnt stand behind their work. I have a ruined Armani Sport shirt and bespoke navy blue blazer. Let me share my experience. I had gone out the day before, walked around Beijing in the summer heat all day, went to lunch and dinner and smoked a cigar. I was wearing the shirt and coat all day. The next morning I handed the blazer and shirt for pressing to the butler which they provide on the Exec level. When I returned at the end of the day, I found on my bed, in two bags, my blazer in a ball in one bag and my shirt in another. The shirt was spotted. My blazer had two brushed pewter buttons ripped off of each sleeve. It had also shrunk. I called the front desk manager, Mr. Phillip Hao. Rather than coming himself at first, we sent up the housekeeping manager, Mr. Deway Huang. Mr. Huang, insisted the clothes had not been cleaned but returned to me because of the missing buttons and spots on the shirt. When I opened the shirt bag and smelled the shirt, no cigar or sweat smell, only cleaning agent smell. I asked for Mr. Hao at that time and he came to the room and acknowledged the smell of cleaning fluid. This was done in front of my Chinese guest, so there are witnesses. The cleaning fluid smell certainly contradicted Mr. Huangs statement that the shirt had not been cleaned. Further, the coat had no cigar smell either. Mr. Huang tried to get me sign the slip that came with the shirt and jacket. It was written in Chinese, and my Chinese colleague pointed out to me that what they were trying to do is sign the acknowledgement that my shirt and jacket were damaged before I gave it to them. Real underhanded. The only thing that I can imagine is that the hotel laundered the coat and dry cleaned the shirt (a no dry cleaning shirt). After two wasted hours (8:00-10:00 pm) Mr. Hao said he would have the hotel manager get back with me the next day. Well the hotel manager has never appeared. He sent a second assistant manager in place, Mr. Jason Lee, who did nothing and had no authority. He was supposed to be at my room at 9:15, but at 9:45 he had not yet arrived so I called him and he then came up. Mr. Lee said the housekeeping had tried to reach me during the prior day about the buttons and jacket but I wasnt there (of course I as out). When I asked why they didnt leave a message, Mr. Lee said that they didnt speak good English. As an attorney, it didnt make much logical sense that they would come to speak to me about it but didnt want to leave a message. Well, I am out an Armani sport shirt, about $68 and a bespoke navy blazer, about $800. The laundry really isnt so free! So beware. I also had the impression that they would not have treated a Chinese person this way. Perhaps because I as am American and not one of their favored or Shanghai guests they felt I didnt merit the manager or a decent resolution to this matter. This hotel has light years to go before becoming a five star hotel and will not be getting there anytime soon.	
Oct 25 2009 	New hotel with great rooms and great price.	I stayed at Ragegast Beijing for one night in Beijing. The rooms are top notch, easily comparable if not better than hotels in Beijing for double its price. Overall, no complaints. If you don't mind a not so fashionable part of the town for a great value, I would recommend it.	
Oct 12 2009 	An average hotel that gets everything done well	I was in Beijing recently for business and i gotta saythat i was very pleased with the folks at Days Inn Joiest, Beijing. Although there was a lack of communication (i don't speak mandarin, they speak very little english) they tried their very best to help and accommodate us.	
Nov 2 2009 	tired hotel poor service	We have been here for a few days.Since the snow came on Sunday,there has not been heating working in the hotel and the dining room is very cold.The management are unhelpful and blame the government policy of no public heating until Nov 15th but the Hilton nearby and other hotels are heated.Breakfast and evening buffet are only adequate-this hotel is showing its age.Internet is 9 per day.	
	Romancing the warm pool	I really enjoyed the pool and witnessed an amazing spa with steam and sauna. Loved the variety of restaurants and people were quite friendly. The atmosphere was amazing.	
Nov 4 2009 	love this hotel	I've stayed at this hotel twice and I loved it each time. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet has so much variety and the chinese restaurant was great! Its very close to the silk alley market which was nice so we didnt have to get a cab. The gardens outside were great with real ducks! I would stay at this hotel again and again!	
Sep 18 2007 	The best and the worst	A charming traditional courtyard hotel in a central location. The dark side is getting the choice of room right. The smaller rooms are relatively cheap - about 600RMB, but they are not for the faint hearted: smelly drains, basic shower onto the floor in the bathroom, window open and insecure or locked shut - no security grill, plaster dropping from the walls, little storage space (no wardrobe). We started with 3 beds in the room, but there was literally no room to walk! One of the staff has basic English, but if she is not on shift, it's sign language.After unpacking, and discovering the room's hidden problems, we asked to move another room. We were shown a delightful courtyard suite at a much higher rate - 1200RMB. We were told we could move the next day which we did, but we are pretty sure it was vacant at the time. So - all the preliminaries were rather unpleasant.Having got to the courtyard suite, we were extremely happy, as this was very well equipped, two large bedrooms, large sitting room, all with airconditioning and TV, a nice bathroom, and a water cooler. Outside each of 3 suites look onto a lovely courtyard with a delightful water feature. You feel as if you are staying as you might have hundreds of years ago, and you are so deep in the Hutong, there is almost no noise, and you are still close to many attractions. Overall a great place to stay.For others intending to come here, check the room before you pay, and before you move in so you can jump to plan B, if your first choice isn't what you want for the price.It seems little has changed from other reviewers a year ago.	
	Fabulous this hotel was wonderful and I can't wait to stay there again.	It was chic, everyone was friendly, service was amazing and the rooms were large and comfortable. The restaurant had a great bar, good meals, and the breakfast was excellent. At night it was fun to select the window color for illumination. The business center was well appointed as well as the fitness room. I wholeheartedly recommend Hotel G to anyone who stays in Beijing. Enjoy your time there, I sure did.	
Nov 17 2009 	great room layout service value-would definitely return	we stayed in a 3 bedroomed-suite which was well furnished and the staff perfect hosts. they even organised a birthday cake for my Mum (we were all there to celebrate).could organise for massages / manicures in our suite, perfect for relaxing.located in the CBD so not great for tourists but plenty of remarkably good valued restaurants nearby.	
Nov 9 2009 	Fantastic hotel	Everything about this hotel is just PERFECT. The staff is attentive, room is spacious, food is delicious and the location is great not so far from the airport with the subway virtually on the doorstep. It is a pleasant and cosy hotel for our October break with our 8 year old who wanted to see the Forbidden City and the Great Wall of China. This is no doubt one of the best hotels we have stayed. We will recommend it to anyone any day.	
Oct 23 2008 	OK But Old Service Average	Overall: Not too expensive by Beijing standards. Decent clean rooms but showing its age everywhere. Can probably find better places to stay that are more central.Location/Access: About 5 minutes and RMB10 by taxi west of Xizhimen station. Note that you can't realistically walk to the hotel from the subway. There isn't much immediately around the hotel although as others said, Carrefour is right across the main street. Taxi directly from the airport would likely cost about RMB80-90 and take about 40 minutes.Lobby: Huge marbled lobby although the reception is not immediately obvious. The public areas really need to be renovated. Many places, such as the elevator area, have chipped paint or chrome. The deco, especially the light colored wood panels, is like a rewind to the early 90's.Rooms: Decent size and comfortable colors. Lighting is too dim overall even with all the lights on. Beds are firm and comfortable. Old style TV with mostly Chinese channels for selection. Two small bottles of free water provided although the ones at the mini bar were a whopping RMB36. A/C never got cool and felt more like a fan. Very small built-in alarm clock. Overall, could use renovation as well. Requested non-smoking but could only get smoking room. Smell was faint though so ok.Food: Tried the cafe at the ground level and the food was expensive and very average. Breakfast is served at the function room on the 4th floor with huge round tables covered by old pink/orange tablecloth so you sit with people you don't know. The entire breakfast room setting seemed very out-of-date although the food is halfway decent. However, if you have had buffets in Hong Kong or Thailand hotels, this one pales by comparison. Breakfast simply didn't feel comfortable due to the setting.Service: Ok but not particularly friendly. They seemed to frown a bit when they couldn't understand you or vice versa.Value for money: The rate was around USD130 for a single with breakfast. Double occupancy would have given me the same room except breakfast would have cost another USD10. The rate is reasonable by Beijing standards although you can stay more central at a similar price.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect location - Solid service for a locally run hotel	Just down the road from Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City, the Beijing Hotel enjoys a spectacular location (dead center of Beijing). The Raffles Hotel is literally attached in the next building over, and the Grand Hyatt is in the complex across the street. So for 25-50% less per night, this is a great bet.	
Dec 24 2007 	Nice property	We booked a three bedroom room for $92/nite, each room came with a queen size bed. Also included was a kitchen with frig and microwave, and a washer dryer. There was also a dining area and living room, where we could sit down at night and go over all the booty collected in a days shopping. While the rooms were very spartan and lacked color, the room was very clean. The location is great and I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone, except Leon Helmsley, who would probably prefer the Astoria.	
	Nicely remodelled executive floors but toxic burning rubber smell made us think twice	All in all this is a pretty good hotel, the public spaces have been remodeled very nicely as well as the executive floors. The rooms were very nice on those floors, comfortable and clean. The only real problem was an extremely strong burning rubber smell in the hallways of those executive floors. It was so strong we had to run to the room covering our mouths. It was present in the room as well, but not too bad once you stuck a towel under the door. We brought it up to the staff, but as expected, they just shrugged and said it's not a problem. That worries me, they really don't seem to be concerned about details like toxic smells.	
	World Class Experience	The China World Hotel is a beautiful hotel with world class service. Located above the Trade Center complex there are many very high end shops and stores all within a 2 min walk from the hotel. The rooms are very comfortable and classy. If you are going to come to Beijing and want to make an impression on clients or customers, this would be the place to stay. If you are new to China the staff there can be very accomodating and helpful.	
	VERY NICE HOTEL	We get vacation every year after my wedding. But up to now more than four years we work hard and prepare for great vacation for 4 months we choose Asia is our destination First stop in Beijing we stayed in this hotel.Hotel not too big but the room was nice and comfortable. We liked this and enjoyed it.	
	Beautiful coutyard hotel in a cool part of Beijing	In the hutongs near the Bell and Drum Towers, this hotel was exceptional. Staff were very helpful and friendly, room was warm and beautifully furnished. Although it was near a busy, funky street, once inside the courtyard it was very peaceful. We stayed in Room 11 which was tucked away just off the main courtyard - gorgeous..15 minute walk to a subway stop and the streets around at night have great restaurants and bars and shops..fantastic buzz!	
	Handy for the airport	I have stayed at this airport a couple of times, selecting it for its proximity to the airport. The first time I stayed was shortly after the Olympic Games. The hotel was practically empty and the service was attentive, friendly but occasionally haphazard. On my next visit I had just arrived from North Korea - which probably enhanced my appreciation of the hotel! The bar, on both my stays, was virtually empty but offered good international sports coverage on TV. The shuttle service to the airport worked well. Word of warning: taxi drivers have difficulty finding the hotel, even if you show them the address in Chinese. One evening I had to use my - very! - limited Chinese to help the driver find the hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent business hotel in Chaoyang	I've been travelling to and even occasionally living in Beijing for over 25 years; this is the best business hotel I've stayed in there in several years. Beijing is huge so you need to make sure it's the right area for you, but if you want or need to be in Chaoyang this is an excellent location, convenient for a wide variety of transport and speedy access to/from airport (about 55 RMB for a cab).Best thing about the place is the lighting in the rooms -- very bright reading lights inset in the ceiling, but adjustable in their brightness, plus variety of subtle lighting in bath and rest of room. I find almost all business hotels do not give me the right amount of light to read, work, and relax, but this one did, plus it has floor to ceiling windows for additional natural light when the smog doesn't make that irrelevant. Good sized desk and wifi working about as well as it does anywhere in BJ. 12 euros gets you use of it for a day in your room.Bathrooms very nice with pale marble and 'wet room' style shower; nice (non-branded but v acceptable) body wash, soaps, etc.Staff personable, friendly, try very hard to be helpful.Breakfast buffet one of largest and best I've ever seen, ample choices of Japanese, Chinese, Western, Korean, Indian, etc. Only minus: no cranberry juice - but they do have mango!;-)Only weird points were that there's no printed info in room on restuarant hours and other hotel services -- it's all in various screens on the TV, but navigating around that is a pain and v slow. A few pieces of paper would have been welcome! Other shortcoming was that gorgeous appearing spa and beauty salon only offer bizarre elaborate rituals and nothing 'normal' like pedicure and manicure (tip to the wise traveller: on 4/F of Yaxiu Market, about 15 mins away by cab, you can get an excellent manicure for 60 EMB -- so never mind the expensive spa!) No idea who the spa is marketed at, it seems a bit new agey and over the top for business visitors. Pool area is gorgeous in design, wished had brought my swimsuit even though BJ doesn't normally inspire thoughts of swimmingSkip cofffee or drinks in the lobby, the prices are ridiculous (7 euros for coffee?!?!).Beds some of comfiest have found in China: firm enough but not impossibly so; nice duvets with high thread count and hugely light and fluffy.I could do without the endless exhortations to 'be renewed' (how kitschy) but the overall feeling was certainly excellent.	
Apr 30 2008 	Nice accommodation with convenient facilities	We stayed in the Jinqiao Hotel Apartments for 4 nights at the beginning of april. We made our bookings through [--] and found the service to be excellent, not only did they contacted me by phone, all the way from china to confirm my booking and to clarify some of the information I had provided, but they then immediately sent me an email confirmation including a pritnable cupon with instructions in chinese on how to get to the hotel to hand over to the taxi driver upon arrival.The hotel was very close to the train station, it was only about 5 minutes away by taxi and cost only 10 yuan. Staff at reception spoke very limited english as is the case in most of china, however within a few minutes we were given the keys to our room in the 10th foor. I believe it was room A1010 on the 10th floor.The room or should I say apartment was a very decently sized flat with an open plan kitchen/ living area and a separate bedroom with two beds. IT was equiped with TV, DVD player, Stereo and with a PC with free internet which we found most useful. The kitchen had a big fridge freezer which was grate to store beverages and other things we bought from the supermarket and it also had a washing machine that allowed us to wash clothes halfway through our stay. The decor in general was a bit over the top, while the kitchen and kitchen bar area were sleek and modern, the living spaces had a pretty awful wallpaper, but we got used to it after a few hours and focused more on the comforts of having an apartment rather than a hotel room.The ground floor was equiped with all sorts of businesses, there was a restaurant, a bar, a hair salon, a gift shop, a travel agency and a supermarket. We only used the supermarket which had a good variety of food which we found very reasonably priced. (if you do shop here, try the chocolate covered mochi with coffee centers, I loved them and was having a box a day!)Our rate included breakfast for which you get cupons for the number of nights you're booked in. I have to say though, that after having breakfast there the first day, I chose to give the following days a miss.Also worth noting is that the front desk has a currency exchange service and the GBP - Yuan exchange rate, was much better than travelex's one at the time we were there, which was a bit annoying since I had already changed all my pounds into yuans.Locationwise we found the hotel very conveniently located, only about 10 minute drive to the forbidden city, Tiananmen square and other local attractions. About 50 minutes and 100 yuan to the airport, and about 2 hrs drive to the Great Wall. Taxis usually line up right outside the hotel so hauling one is very easy. On the day we went to the great wall, we just went outside and hired one of the taxi's for the whole day for 650 yuan and the bellboy even helped translate to the taxi driver exactly what we wanted. He then took us all the way to the Wall, then to the Summer palace and then back to the Hotel and we had him from 8.30 am till 7 pm. We thought that to be pretty good value.Overall the hotel is perhaps slightly nicer than a 3 star hotel (lets say a 3 1/2 star) however all the conveniences both in the apartment and in the hotel complex made it a top pick for us to stay in Beijing.	
	Traditional chinese with great location and wonderful staff	Me, my husband and our two children visited Beijing in November 09. We stayed at this wonderful hotel. It had a really helpful staff, who helped us arrange one trip th the great wall (private driver 8.30-5 =700RMB) and write notes that said where we wanted to go in Beijing, since the taxi drivers dont understand english. We stayed in the VIP room, it was very spacious and clean. Breakfast was simple but good. The absolute best thing with this hotel is that it is located in a houtong, and it feels very traditional chinese. It is not one of those huge american hotels. When you walk outside the hotel you see how chinese people lives. We liked it a lot.	
Nov 26 2009 	Great Location Great Management a Little Warm Decent Food 	This hotel was picked at the last moment by a person I met on the flight from Shenzhen to Beijing. Mr. Rong could not have selected a more well rounded establishment. The Manager of the Paragon is a Canadian and his english came in more than handy. Not to mention his attention detail. When I return to Beijing, I will be staying at this HoJo. If you travel to Beijing in the summer, be prepared to be warm. Ok, down right HOT. The city government dictates the indoor temperature of all commercial establishments for energy savings. Also, be prepared to navigate on your travels without hearing the english language. Few, and I mean very few people speak english. Most taxi drivers know any english except for the occassional curse word. (funny hearing a cabby in China say FU) The hotel will give you some business cards with tourist locations written in English and Chinese so you can hand the card to the cab driver and point to the place you want to go. The card also has the hotel info on it so you can make it back. Feel free to email me any questions about: places to shop and how to bargain in Beijing.netzipper@hotmail.com	
Aug 13 2009	Great hotel	Stayed here as part of a Jules Verne tour of China. Of all the hotels we stayed in this was our favourite. Very elegant hotel with huge rooms. Beds large and very comfortable. There was free internet access in the rooms. The restaurant buffet was excellent and catered for all tastes . It was very good value with dinner for around 8 , breakfast also great with lots of Asian dishes along with the usual bacon eggs etc.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great location huge rooms free internet - simple as that	I stayed at Grand Millennium 6 nights and truly enjoyed it. The only problem is that no taxi driver knew where hotel is - you have to show them the map, just name is not enough. The location tough is fantastic, everything is very close. I arrived at 6 am and although the check in officialy starts from 2 pm, lovely receptionist check me in at no extra charge. The Hotel has huge lobby, very impressive but leaves you feeling very cold. The decor is very neutral and is lacking some personal touches.The room was very big, very confordable, clean...no complaint. Bathroom is spacious with separate bath and shower. You can use internet for free, even if you don't have your own laptop, you can use huge TV and keyborad in the room. Very pleased with that. I was based on the 6th floor hence the horrible view but I guess you can't have everything. I do advice you to take higher level rooms, surely they will have better views, even if its burnt builidng opposite Grand. The restaurant is very nice, food ok, and as someone alredays mentioned tea is very weird! I booked one day trip through the hotel (400 RNB) to the Great Wall of China and Ming Tomb - I really enjoued it. It was fantastic - mostly thank you people I met on the bus and the tour guide. She even took us to traditional tea ceremony in central Beijing which you mustn't miss.	
	Great stay!	An excellent hotel, with the best room I have ever had! Large, modern, extremely comfortable, very well equipped, perfectly clean, with a number of small nice and fancy small things that do make a difference (rain shower heads, video screen in the bathroom, electrical curtains...) Additionally, the hotel location is just perfect, at walking distance from the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Place. Personnel was courteous and really caring. Got access to the lounge, with free Internet access (it is otherwise quite expensive, ie RMB3 per min.); again, great service, delicious breakfast. The food is the restaurant, although good, seemed a littly pricy. The fitness center is recent and well equipped, the pool is large and very pleasant. Overall, a wonderful experience!	
Nov 21 2009 	A huge disappointment... Very noisy incompetent staff.	Beware: in this hotel, you cannot sleep after 7:30 am, and this lasts till the late afternoon). They are renovating the upper floors (and should probably renovate the lower floors as well), so that you the noise of machines will inevitably wake you up (unfortunately no later than 7:30 am). Moreover, the walls of the rooms are very thin, and the isolation of the windows not so good, so that you cannot hope for going to bed too early (especially if you have loudy Chinese staying next to you). The rooms look good at first sight, but if you stay more than 1 night, you'll start noticing bad things (as some hair in bathroom that do not belong to you, nail on the floor that should not be there...). And the management of the hotel is very poor: As i complained about the noise (and the fact that you cannot stay in the room for the whole day owing to the noise of construction machines), the manager only offered us two bananas and one apple. After insisting a lot, he finally agreed to give us one complementary breakfest... but only for one of us! The other wuold have to pay... I found it very unprofessional as we are a youg married couple staying in the hotel 3 nights, and both of us were annoyed by the noise during the night and in the early morning. So, if you stay 1 night and have to catch up your plane early in the morning, the hotel is fine. But it is false and deceiving to believe that The Emperor Hotel is a luxuary (or even nice) hotel that you'll enjoy staying at....	
Oct 25 2009 	Excellent	Facilities are very nice, modern and clean. Beautiful view of '08 Olympic venue, particularly at night.. Superb Intercontinental hotel staff make all the difference. I was particularly pleased with the professionalism and assistance provided by the Club Lounge staff, especially the manager, Ella, and the business center staff. Their English is excellent. Club Lounge staff's knowledge of the city and time it takes to travel by taxi to various areas of the city was a great help.	
	overall pleasure	this hotel was fantastic. rooms were lovely. staff was very helpful and accomodating. enjoyed the free happy hour that was really well done with a great server up their who happily tends to your every need! we were traveling for fun and it was a great respite from crazy touring around. hotel made bad restaurant recommendation for place around the corner so stay away from there! breakfast is really expenisve, they should have a more reasonable option, but you can just run across the street and get starbucks and 7-eleven if you prefer, so thats a good alternative. fitness center is a little dated. great service in the fitness center, the machines (especially the bikes) are just old.	
Aug 24 2008 	Gold Medal for the XiXI Youyi Hotel	This was a hotel secured by the travel company for the Beijing Olympics on a &quot;bronze&quot; package, i.e the third ranking hotel.To be fair it was all we expected and more! Located a mile WEst of Tianammen Square it is a 10 minute walk away from Xidan Subway station on Line 1. It is one of the city's main shopping districts and major department stores are on hand as well as a mall dedicated to Wedding Dress shops!The main reception to the hotel is on Level 8 of the building and the building is spacious. On Level 4 is a fine Korean Restaurant which is well worth visiting - an all you can eat buffet which is excellent.Rooms are spacious and comfortable and the service at the hotel is very friendly and attentive. Breakfast is served in the hotels' main rstaurant on the 8th and again it is a comprehensive buffet with Western and Oriental food available.	
	Absolutely fantastic. The only negative is nothing it can do anything about..	Just about everything about this hotel is fantastic. The front desk extremely friendly / courteous. Excellent English. They go above and beyond to help you out. The renovated rooms were a delight. Extremely clean. Non Smoking Room actually was non smoking (rare in China). Internet access for 90 yuan a day very well priced. But..... ....the one thing that lets its down is nothing it can control: location: it is a block inside Ring Road 1. This means that you need to pack whatever you need for the day when you leave the hotel given the main attractions in Beijing are nowhere near where this hotel is located. It also means you need to think if you buy something; you cant simply just pop in and drop it off Traffic means subways (15~20 min walk away: go to the 4 Line, not the 1 Line) are still a better option at certain times of the day. Conclusion? This place is an absolute lock if you have plenty of time (or have cash for cabs, some refused to take me to/from the subway station) If you have limited time in Beijing, I would stay somewhere closer to where the attractions are. Whether I'd recommend to a friend depends on how long they are in town for. Which is a real pity because this hotel really is THAT good.	
	Beijing	In march 2009 we stayed in Beijing and sleep in Forbidden Days in Beijing.The place is in the center of the city, nearby Tienanmen and the Forbidden City.This hotel is very very good - clean and the staff is very quintly.When we go back to Beijing we will absolute stay in this hotel.	
Nov 26 2009 	Good locationclean	Stayed five nights as from 19th of October. Had a quite room on high floor . Enjoyed the good location (nearly walking distance to Tianmen square and Temple of Heaven) and good transportation point near Railway and subway! Enjoyed our stay. Recomended !	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent location for walking/exploring and fabulous breakfast for China!	h my nine year old daughter and would normally overlook hostels, but I was drawn to this one by the reviews and location. The ensuite with two twin beds was small but convenient, with cozy duvets and cable TV. (Also includes an electric water pot and tea, a chair, desk and side table.) For $37 US, it was a very good deal, especially in all the hubbub leading up to the 60th Anniversary. The bathroom had a strong sewer smell (welcome to China; it's pretty normal) and the one extra electric outlet was broken, but it was generally clean and the public areas were immaculate.The hostel is tucked in a quiet alley not far (maybe one block) from a bus stop. (Catch the #2 on the same side of street as the hostel to head to Tiananmen East/ #1 subway line or Qianmen/ #2 line) It is nestled between the Forbidden City and WanfangJie, the walking &amp; shopping street. It is also just a few blocks from the Night Market (tasty and exotic treats - from candied fruits to grilled lizards and seahorses), which runs from about 6-10 pm nightly. My daughter is pretty tough for 9 and we walked all over the city, but the front desk will also help arrange taxis or the information room attendant can help with travel logistics. They also have several tours they'll sell you (expensive compared to using public transit, but competitive prices compared to other tour operators). We opted for public transit and had a blast (and total solitude!) at Great Wall Simatai. We walked to the Forbidden City, to JingshanYuan (2 kuai, highest point in the city with a bueatiful temple that looks straight down on the Forbidden City), Bei Hai Park (20 kuai, with 5 kuai ferry rides across the lake and plenty of cultural relics and nice park areas) and all around T Square. We also used the subway often, which was crowded but easy to navigate and VERY cheap (2kuai per single journey).We were gone all day every day, so took advantage of the safe lockers by the front desk - 1 kuai each time you lock it but well worth it &amp; big enough for a computer and small personal items.We stayed several days and enjoyed the breakfast - the best I've seen in China, even in the fancier high dollar hotels. It always had a couple of Chinese dishes (spring rolls, noodles, fried rice,) either scrambled or fried eggs plus boiled eggs, croissants &amp; jam, veggies and dressing, meusli and fresh yogurt and fruit. The breakfast area and reading room are nicely decorated in traditional style, and don't forget to try on the Emperor/ Empress suits in the Information room and get your photo! (Take your own photo, but donning the suits is free.)There is a supermarket (turn left outside the alley, about one block on left) with plenty of fresh fruits &amp; veggies and even some western niceties (lunch meat &amp; sliced bread - even wheat!) without the upscale import prices. There's decent wireless internet in the lobby, and I was sometimes also able to pick it up in the room. It's free, but I believe there's a small charge for using their computers in the internet room.Overall, the staff was really friendly but not necessarily very helpful. They speak some decent English and run to help you with taxis, but if there is a problem you may get the Asian shrug-off. With the great location, breakfast, and moderately nice facility, I would certainly stay again and recommend it to friends. Had I not had my daughter, I would not have opted for the ensuite - save yourself the stink and get an even better deal for a fabulous location! As always, take ear plugs just in case! (I never needed mine.)	
Nov 4 2009 	Not bad in fact quite good	I took a group of university students to Beijing to attend a week long conference. Each morning, bright and early, our free breakfast was vast, fresh, and delicious.As we needed to often secure taxis, the concierge was more than helpful, getting up Google maps of our destination, and talking in Chinese to our taxi drivers to make sure they understood where we were going.The hotel is elegant; however, the staff was impeccable. Always smiling,always accommodating.We were impressed. I suspect you will be too.	
Oct 7 2009 	Not the best Holiday Inn in Beijing	I stayed here for one night in September of 2009 and then checked out early and went to the Holiday Inn Temple of Heaven. I was staying on the executive floor, and although the executive lounge was quite nice, I found the hotel overall to be rather average. The Holiday Inn Temple of Heaven (which I had stayed at before) was just a better choice. Better rooms, better service, better food and cheaper. This hotel is quite close to the subway, and if you are trying to get somewhere on the Blue Line, it might be a reasonable choice for you.	
Jun 21 2009 	Only fair	If you can book this hotel for 25 or so a night, then it's probably a reasonable place to stay for a few nights in Beijing. Unfortunately its impressive exterior and its name - a socalled 'international business hotel' - are not matched by the interior which reminded me of the 1980s in Beijing. The corridors (we were on the 7th floor) smelt musty, as did the room. The room was OK (the hardest bed I've slept on since I was a student in China in the 1970s!) though the carpet and chairs were grubby, as was the shower curtain (which one needed to put across the glass wall if one wanted a bit of privacy). The heavy glass door to the bathroom was difficult to open, particularly from the inside. Some people have commented on the good location - there are plenty of restaurants around (as there are in many places in Beijing) but it's around a 15 minute walk (maybe 10 if you hurry) from Dongzhimen metro station. underground or inexpensive taxis).We actually chose this hotel for two nights - on a short return visit to Beijing from Tokyo (before flying back to the UK) because we thought it would be closer to Dongzhimen - where the airport express train goes from. It was actually almost as cheap to take a taxi from the hotel direct to the airport (it's not far from the airport expressway) - which we did. There are plenty of hotels in better locations for sightseeing etc. (whether you choose to use the underground, which is modern and efficient, or the inexpensive taxis.) Also, the hotel may not be as economical as it seems. While any hotels offer free internet access (with your own computer), we were charged around 10 a day - the alternative was to move to a more expensive room with free internet.	
May 9 2009 	Fantastic hotel would stay again.	Loved this hotel. Rooms were very nice, hotel staff so friendly nothing too much trouble for them.The swimming pool with the spa pool was an ideal way to finish a day sight seeing. The location is a staright walk to the forbidden city and square it will take about 15 mins. You will pass the wangfuing shopping complex on the way. Lots of shops, mcdonalds starbucks a great stop on the way.We ordered room service, good choice of western food if you have had enough chinese food, reasonably priced.Taxis to summer palace from the hotel was only 700 yen about 7! We hired a driver to take us to the wall really made our trip and only cost 800 yrn for the full day for all of us - about80 in total, highly recommend this. Beijing is a wonderfully city, safe and easy to get around. If you have never been go, you will love it!	
Oct 31 2009	Clean Convenient and Cheap Price	Just at Wangfujing Street, near to subway, room was clean, service was OK, and most important --&gt; rate was not expensive!!!	
	They are letting the place rot	they are budget hotels and there are budget hotels. but this is the worst hotel ever. very depressing. no upkeep. shower appliances coming off the hook. stained carpets. personal unfriendly/demoralized. i think they want to get rid of the budget crowd altogether. i left after one night. do you yourself a favor and go to a better hotel nearby.	
Nov 22 2009	Joy City Hotel Beijing	right next to shopping complex, very convenient location!	
	VERY BEIJING HOTEL IN CENTER	we passed Shanghai to go to Beijing and spend 4 nights there with all our trip to China finish china.I stayed at the Grand Hotel for 4 nights with my wife The Hotel is in a central location (close to the Forbidden City and Tienanmen Square.). the room quite expensive but the quality of the room we could not say any thing and the best.Stuff is very friendly and customer oriented (a part from some managers), and most of them speak English. - The Chinese restaurant has excellent food. - The restaurant which serves breakfast is mediocre, but as compensation, staff is very friendly and helpful with professor in the jobWe really loved our trip in China.	
Nov 17 2009 	Comfortable Hotel - But the area is not great	Billed as a 5 star, it's a perfectly comfortable hotel with really generous sized rooms . Staff are charming with a good command of English. Dining options are alright but they need to be more than that as there are no decent restaurants in the area. Stayed in West Beijing for a conference,but would prefer to stay more centrally if travelling for leisure as the area is not very interesting. But taxis are cheap so it wasn't a huge issue. National obsession with swine flu meant frequent temperature checks which was a bit bizarre.	
	Good location	The best thing about this hotel is the location, its very convenient as a base to see Beijing major tourist sites. Room was nice but the bathroom wasnt functional at all (flushing issues).Hint: There is a seven eleven close by which has lots of good and yummy items at a great price.	
Oct 11 2009 	A hidden gem	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the start of our holiday and again for 3 nights before returning to the UK. We chose this hotel as a change from the main chain hotels in Beijing which we have stayed in on previous visits.This is a lovely hotel within reasonable walking distance, through the hutongs, to the lakes Houhai &amp; Quanhai. The metro line is a short walk from the hotel and taxis are cheap and plentiful on the main road near to the hotel.Despite being in a very busy part of Beijing the hotel is exceptionally quite and peaceful. We had a suite on the ground floor (room 407). The bed was giantic but, as with most Chinese beds, quite hard. The pillows were the best pillows I have ever slept on and the linen was spotlessly clean as were the rooms.The lounge room furntiure was classical Chinese carved wood, gorgeous to look at but not the most comfortable to sit on. We had a computer in the room with free internet acess which was a bonus. The rooms and the bathroom were spotless. Due to the position of our room there was not a lot of natural light.Breakfast was included in our deal and was ok. The main problem was that some of the food was not hot, in fact somtimes not even warm. That said there was a very good variety and the staff were helpful and friendly.All the staff were very helpful and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't wish to stay in a tall, concrete block where every room is the same.	
	Excellent - would stay here again	Aside from location, this hotel is superb. I was very impressed with the receptionist, Mr Tim Tian, at check-in. We checked in at an unconventional time in the morning and most hotels would not be able to accommodate us at that hour. Mr Tian must have seen how tired we were and let us check in earlier then usual. The room is spacious/clean and bed was very comfortable. The dessert I had from room service was lacking - guess I shouldn't have such high expectations. Buffet breakfast was great - excellent selection and strong coffee.Would be better value for money if internet was wireless and free. They currently charge RMB 120 for 24 hours. The hotel is very much out of the way, but Parkson is opening next door and I'm sure the area will be much more happening soon.Would have given a 5-star rating for service, but their concierge needs improvement. The storage is so far away, it takes them forever to retrieve stored luggage. I guess for the same reason, bus boys are often walking to or in the storage area and is absent from the concierge counter.	
Nov 18 2009	Amazing location tons of amenities and beuatiful rooms	My first time to China and great hotels. I had a tour with Pacific Delight Tours and this was our first hotel. Even if I tried I couldn't say a bad thing about this place. Staff is amazingly friendly, lobby is awesome, restuarant is beautiful with many options. There is a spa, bowling alley, 3 bars, business center etc... My room was huge and I had a great view. Beautfully decorated and my bathroom was fantastic.Its only a short 4-5 block walk to Tiananmen Square &amp; Forbidden City and if you walk north its about the same distance to the evening food markets. Every meal offerred a huge selection with incredible quality and freshness. I loved the omelet stations !	
Sep 11 2009	Luxury serviced resident cheats people... be careful	We have booked this hotel through booking.com and cancel the booking 3 weeks before the booking date. According cancel condition this should cost 0 USD. After our trip to China we discovered the Luxery serviced resedent has charged us for 1 night even the booking.com has confirmed the fault of the hotel. The hotel will not return money at once. The manager said it will take 3 months to refund the money. After a lot of communication the Luxury serviced resident stops communcate with us.... So what can we do ... the booking.com will not take the responsibility as well. We can not do any thing else than just wait....That why: don't ever ever give your credit card information to this hotel. They will cheat you and don't care any thing about customers satifation	
Oct 10 2009 	Nice room and good value	The hotel is about 15 minutes walk from the closest subway station, 20 minutes walk to the Bird Nest, a quite and nice neighborhood. Also close to the airport and not far from the center of the city.The pool is really nice with warm water. But beware of the strange rule that you have to wear a swimming cap to swim!	
Nov 8 2009 	comfort and style a good place to recover from the bustle of Beijing	Beautifully designed, rooms finished to an exceptional standard with modern but tasteful furnishings and materials, all a reflection of the hotel designer's background. Nice touches such as a free mini bar and little gifts left behind by housekeeping only enhanced the experience. The staff in general were very helpful and attentive. The hotel is well located 10 minutes walk from a metro station and easily accessible from the airport. The area has a good choice of bars, restaurants and shops, but, with many embassies close-by, these tend to cater to European tastes. The hotel has 3 restaurants which are in a similar price range to the rooms but the food was good. Only complaint was noise til late from a nearby bar (not the club in the hotel basement though!) which might disturb if you get a room on the wrong side of the hotel.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel for Americans	Great food..decorated for Christmas with carolers too...very beautiful hotel.	
Dec 2 2008 	Love it Love it	I stayed at this hotel for one night in November. The person who booked this hotel told me that it was recently remodeled right before the Olympics. With $90 a night, I was more than willing to give it a try. It's off the crazy 3rd Ring road (San Huan), so traffic seems moderate. US and Japanese embassies are within walking distance. There is a food street adjacent to it. I did not get a chance to explore it. It can be an interesting place to get a bite if you are tied of the hotel menus. I had a single room with a king size bed. Not huge space, but plenty room for what I need. It's well decorated, modern and hi-tech, and smells clean too. The bed is very comfortable. Sheets and towels show very little use. The LCD TV has many international channels, American, French, German, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Australian ... plus many more I can't even recognize. The breakfast was only okay, not a huge selection compared to what I had elsewhere, but not bad either for 80 yuan. I changed American dollars to local yuan at its business center at an incredible rate 6.795 while other hotels usually gave me 6.4 or even lower. Overalll, to me, it is a smaller version of Hilton, just one block away across the street. You only pay half of Hilton's price. I will definitely stay there again next time.	
Nov 14 2009 	Good value for money in the center of Beijing	This hotel 20 minutes walk of Tienanmen Sq and 5 mins to metro station.100m to shopping mall with cafes and restaurants.Rooms are comfortable with all amenities including high speed internet (80Y per day).	
Nov 26 2009	great hotel hardware need improve service	Stay 3 nights here with tourist group, the hotel itself is great in all facility setting. For ppl love swimming, the pool is excellent Olympic size and water is great. Breakfast has lots of variety to choose from, Latte machine is very handy. Now the annoy side - all the dim-sum and bun are serving in COLD. Chef doing the Omlette has attitude issue and need improve greatly. Restaurant mgr eating in their mouth while serving the customer. The shower door in bathroom can't close tightly and water can't drain properly.	
Nov 2 2009 	Huge suite pity about service level	The suite was very generously proportioned, one of the biggest I have ever seen in Asia. There was a separate entrance area (with powder room), then the living room with study desk (and 50 inch flat screen), and then the bedroom (and 42 inch flat screen), and the bathroom (with in-wall 10 inch TV screen above the bath). The feel was very modern (similar to Mandarin Oriental HK), but still fairly comfy. The suite was by far bigger than suites at both Peninsula and Grand Hyatt Beijing. Despite the marketing moniker of CBD (Central Business District), its Hua Mao location is somewhat to the east of town (next to 3rd Ring Road) would be ideal if you had something going on at that conference area or Guo Mao (China World Trade Centre) or really liked visiting the nearby latest super glitzy Shin Kong shopping centre. If most of your activities are elsewhere (e.g. Wangfujing or Financial St), then you should look elsewhere. The downfall of JW Marriott (bear in mind there are 5 Marriotts in Beijing) is that for some strange reason, there are huge gaps in their service level. Requests to clean the room within a certain 2 hour time-frame (e.g. 9 to 11am) were never met (2 days in a row, despite loud complaints), requests for 8 bottles of water always resulted in only 6, the concierge was a strange fiefdom to itself, with very arbitrary quality of responses, from the very casual (&quot;Oh, I think that restaurant should be ok, I read a newspaper article about it a few years ago&quot;). Very strange. Despite the 5 star rating, I have to say that sadly the service level is about 3.5 stars. I actually cut my stay short to move to Grand Hyatt Beijing at Oriental Place. To JW Marriott's credit, they didn't seek to charge me for the night that I checked out at 8pm. Needless to say, I won't be returning.	
Nov 4 2009 	Disappointed	The hotel is out of the city centre, about 20 minutes walk to T Square. None of the taxi drivers I had knew where the hotel was - I had to show them on the map and at least 2 had to stop to ask for directions. The staff were not especially friendly or organised. The staff in the restaurant were not at all welcoming to solo travellers. For 2 nights I was sandwiched between a group of schoolgirls who spent their nights running up and down the corridor sqealing. The hotel shop is vastly overpriced - there is a grocery shop just down the road which is a lot cheaper. I'm sure there are better hotels in Beijing for the same price.	
Aug 5 2009 	Ok for a couple of nights	We were booked into this hotel by a tour guide with a link that showed it a 5 start hotel. Had we not expected a 5 start hotel we probably would have thought higher of this hotel. By American standards it is probably a 2-3 start hotel.We are well traveled Americans in Beijing for sight seeing and traveling with two tenage boys.1. The beds were hard but that was to be expected for Asia. We asked if they had a soft topper for the beds (some hotels have them for Western guests) but they did not.2. The bathroom was fine but the showers were stained from use.3. The towels were terrible...very soft but not cotton, you could not dry yourself! I ended up using the pillowcases!4.They had a flat screen TV but only one channel that was English speaking and it seemed to repeat itself a lot.5. Breakfast was good...lots of variety. You could get toast and butter!!6. They had free wi-fi in the lobby and they also had a computer you could use. Only problem was that it was in Chinese so you had to remember which buttons were yes and no.7. Not many Westerners there.8. Walls were thin...hear what our neighbors were doing.9. We could not comment on the location as we had our tour guide pick us up and drop us off in the morning and night.I know this all sounds negative but I like to know what I am getting myself into. If I went back to Beijing I would not stay at this hotel. I would look for a hotel that catered more to Westerners. We travel all over world and have been to China several times and from our own experience we like to come home to a comfortable hotel where you can relax. This was a hotel where you came back to sleep and shower (and drip dry).	
Jul 29 2009 	A Reasonably Good Place to Stay	The hotel is close to the airport - a 20 minute taxi ride. I agree with another reviewer, taxi drivers do not know where it is - even though I had the name of the hotel and address in Chinese. The hotel is not too far from the sites if you take public transport, and even using taxis is not that expensive. See my tips.The room was a good size with a firm bed, crisp linen, great pillows and a good bathroom. The shower floor was a little mouldy in places and a tile was cracked but the shower-rose was the largest I have ever seen and, coming from a country where water restrictions have been in place for quite a while, I felt somewhat guilty at the amount of water emitted from the shower. However, I soon succumbed to the decadence of long luxuriant hot showers!The room has a flat-panel TV, bar fridge and clock-radio with an iPod dock.The hotel is above Focus Mall - an upmarket shopping mall and across the road from a shopping plaza - Stellar International Cineplex - which has approx 20 restaurants, a liquor store and a Department Store which has a Supermarket on the ground floor.The hotel staff are efficent, although they cannot speak English very well, so getting directions anywhere can be difficult but not impossible. The breakfast was fine - usual Asian style and also some concession to Western tastes. Coffee is extaordinarily expensive everywhere in China, so use the little automatic coffee machine in the restaurant for your caffiene blast for the day....it doesn't taste too bad.The hotel has 2 PCs in the lobby which allow free internet access however they are often occupied. In the restaurant on the 5th floor where breakfast is held, there is another 2 PCs, not often used....so just go there.Overall, I would recommend this Hotel as I was pleased with the cleanliness and general location.TIPS: If you want to get to Tian anmen Square and the Forbidden City using public transport, it will take approx an hour but only cost 6 yuan round trip! Ask at the Front Desk - their tour co-ordinator will provide a map of the city and give you directions. It involves one bus ride and two train changes. Worth the experience.If you want to go to the Summer Palace - and you should not miss this fantastic place - catch a taxi. It will only cost 50-60 yuan each way and is well worth the money when you see just how far the journey is. It is approx a 25 minute ride. It is usefull to have the various attractions you wish to visit written in Chinese so that you can simply show the text to some unsuspecting local and get directions if you are lost. Also useful for the taxi drivers. Remember, almost NO ONE speaks any English.I booked a Great Wall tour through the hotel because I couldn't be bothered booking on the net - however, you can save approx 150 yuan by booking on the net. Go to the Mutianyu section - it is a longer trip there but absolutely spectacular. The hotel arranged tour spent only 2 hours at the Wall - not nearly enough time. If you can afford it, hire a car for a day....approx 600 yuan.The Supermarket in the Stellar complex has everything you need and also has a small pharmacy. It also sells cold beer at 1.5 yuan and different wines.	
	Good location	The hotel is reasonably priced for a more a 3-4 star hotel with what I found to be a great location for the Forbidden City, Shopping, Food, T-Square, etc. The standard room that I was in was small / medium size and functional. Nothing fancy. I'd recommend including the breakfast with the room. It had a large selection of food and beverages for the price. The quality and selection is a little better if you go early before the restaurant fills up and moves you over to the convention rooms.The phone and internet available were convenient but a little pricey if you need to make a lot of calls or use the internet alot. The staff was friendly/helpful when needed and the exchange rates were very very reasonable so you can change out dollars, etc very conveniently there if that is a concern. The hotel location is the big plus. It was close to alot of the tourist, shopping, food, night market but just enough away from the main tourist/travel areas that you could enjoy the local flavor there.	
Nov 1 2009 	Very impressive	First time to Beijing. This hotel looks brand new. The staff is superb - very helpful in anything that they were asked to do. The rooms are fantastic. I was only there a few days, but this hotel made a very good base of operations - highly, highly recommended.	
	Perfect for Families but a bit far from downtown	We joined my husband on a business trip to Beijing and Shanghai. Wanted something bigger than a hotel since we have 3 young boys. We got a 2 bedroom + a den and it was great. The rooms were huge with 3 full baths and washer/dryer. They were clean and there was a pool a short walk away. They had buffet breakfast each morning and we usually found some decent things to eat. Cereal, toast, fruit in addition to the &quot;Chinese&quot; breakfast items. The staff was very nice and was as helpful as possible. Just keep in mind they are not conceirges. The only complaint was that it was far from downtown and very few restaurants close by especially for an American family.	
Sep 17 2009 	A good comfortable hotel in a city that is changing before your eyes.	I stayed at this hotel for a few nights and found it very pleasant, the room was very comfortable and spotless, I even had my own chinese dressing gown and the view was interesting with the ten lanes of traffic and young lads stopping buses with red flags.The breakfast was a mixture of eastern and western and was nice, the loby area contains a bar which was relaxing to sit in at the end of the day and is not expensive for a four star hotel. The staff were pleasant and the whole hotel was spotless really.Regarding the location, the hotel is situated on one of the ring roads that circle Beijing, which is such a massive City, if you are on a tour this will not affect you, the nearest underground is a very long walk away but taxis are cheap and can take you to all the sites like the Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven, Tianamen Square etc.If you leave the hotel on foot and walk past the KFC parallel to the road for about fifteen minutes you will come to an area the contains a pocket of Beijings fast disappearing hutongs (which are like little houses in very narrow lanes) where not so long ago the whole of the city was populated with these dwellings, only here there is no guided tours for westerners. I also came across an interesting market in the same area which was pretty big and there were all kinds of things on sale, again with the area around the hotel being so far out, this was purely for the locals and I got some currious looks here but not unpleasant. With the pace of change in Beijing I doubt that this kind of place will exist in this city for much longer.I forgot to add that opposite the hotel on the other side of the ring road there is a nice restaurant, I can't remember the name but it is up a flight of stairs, you will have to walk to the crossing to get to it.	
Oct 9 2009 	Very comfortable and very good location	Central Beijing accomodation. Comfortable clean with a standard Chinese service.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great find!	I stayed at the Oriental Culture Hotel in Beijing for a week in July 09. I had expected an average 3.5 star hotel in a crappy location. BUT what I found was a great 4 star business hotel in great part of town and close to transport and downtown.Service was good (considering that China is not yet Thailand when it comes to service) and I was upgraded to a Deluxe Room facing the street. The room exceeded expectation. Modern furnishings, huge King size bed with luxury linen. Plasma TV, fast internet (free), CNN, HBO and even a turn down service. The bathroom had a walk in shower with waterfall shower head plus normal power adjustable head. Fresh towels and toiletries daily. Bathrobes and even a turn down service where they gave me a choc and the next day's weather.The staff were helpful and most spoke decent Engish. They were helpful re cabs but abit clueless re tours. The lobby is big and well lit.Only gripe was that my fridge didn't work. That said, I didn't complain so I didn't give them a chance to fix it.This hotel is a great find and I'll definately stay there again!!	
	Incredible hotel - amazing spa	The worst possible thing happened to us at this hotel. We didn't discover the spa until the morning we were checking out. I almost cried. It was incredible. Please, go there as soon as you check in. It would be an amazing way to end the day each day in Beijing.The bed was firm and linens amazing. We slept better than we had in ages. Which was also too bad because we had to get up early to go to the Great Wall. The concierge can arrange for an English-speaking guide and driver to take you to the Wall (or anywhere) for not much money. Even though we didn't get to sleep much it was well worth it.We also wanted to have Peking Duck when we were in Beijing and the guide books all recommended &quot;Made In China&quot; which is a restaurant at the hotel. We were a bit skeptical because usually hotel restaurants suck - but maybe that's only in the USA. I did notice a lot of hotel restaurants in Asia were multi-starred or really superb. Anyway - the Peking Duck at &quot;Made in China&quot; is phenomenal. So is everything else on their menu. We also got a couple really spicy dishes that were awesome.Beijing is enormous. We thought we could walk to the Forbidden City, and the square, but in reality it wasn't so close. But taxis are cheap. One day we were in a cab for like 30min and it was only like $3.Also, the pollution in Beijing is disgusting. You really can't see more than two blocks.The Grand Hyatt is one of the nicest, most comfortable hotels I've ever stayed in. A great place to come back to after exploring Beijing.	
Nov 8 2009 	Absolutly Charming	What a place! If you want a luxury hotel go ahead, but if you want to mix with the locals and find out what great people they are this is a good start. I was traveling with a friend, and we cannot think of anything to complain about. We stayed here twice once at arrival and once after our trip to Inner Mongolia. Bobby (owner), his wife, and the girls who work there are so friendly and eager to help that when we left we felt like they were family.There is complementary tea anytime, dumpling day on Tuesday (you are more than welcome to help if you wish). One night we had dinner with Bobby, his wife, and the girls that work there, and so on and so on We asked for help on getting train tickets to Zhangjiakou and the next day we had the tickets on our hands without moving a finger.The staff, Yan Xiao, and Graciella even took me shopping on their day off and made my life much easier when dealing with merchants. That is what I call customer service at its best.This is the best accommodation I have ever had including those in luxury hotels (which I am not fond of) in my life. Authentic wonderful Chinese people and culture!	
Oct 30 2009 	Beautiful 	This Marriott opened its doors this year and you can see its new. I stayed in a spacious 2 bedroom/ 2 bathroom apartment. 1 room is bigger than the other and has a big walk in closet and bathroom in the room. Separate shower and bath tub, airco/ heater can be operated in all the rooms separately: bathrooms, bedrooms and living room. The windows are big, the place is very luminous, theres a fully equipped kitchen, nice lighting, 3 flatscreen tvs with home cinema system in the living room, dvd players, a six chair dining table, large comfortable sofa... It is the perfect venue to receive clients!Its in the Chaoyang district, but more on the outskirts. But as you do everything with taxi or metro in Beijing, it will only take you 10min longer. From the apartments to the Marriott hotel and Ritz next to the shopping center is only 10min in taxi. Forbidden city is 30mins away. Service was also impeccable.Same day laundry (if picked up before 10am) without having to pay an extra fee.Swimming pool, wel equipped new gym, steambath, sauna,... A perfect stay in Beijing and I will definitely stay there again. I can recommend it to everyone. Business, family trip, romantic weekend,... Only downside: internet is not for free. You would expect to have free internet when you are staying in a 5 * hotel. I dont understand why hotels still charge you for that....	
Nov 13 2009 	Reasonable business hotel	I have stayed at this hotel for about half a dozen times during the past 2 - 3 years. I have always been satisfied with them.The rooms are not large, but there's enough room for the bed and working desk. They have always been clean and perfectly functional.This time, somehow the staff at the reception was not too friendly. The staff at the concierge desk, the doormen and the elevator guards were very polite as always.The location is very good for shopping and sightseeing.This hotel is of good value for money at least with our company rate.	
Oct 14 2009 	I love the hotel	Now I'm living in this hotel nearly three weeks . I feel it is a good place if your take your leisure trip. It provides good service , delicious food, nice toom, especially the convenient traffic. If you are a tourist, there are many traffic tools you can choose to get to your destination. At last, I have to mention that my friends Grace recommends me the hotel. The hotel make my tour much more colourful .Here, Thanks her a lot.	
Nov 23 2009 	Nice hotel.	Check-in at hotel hotel was a breeze as the staffs were fast, friendly and efficient. Rooms were nice and look exactly as seen from the pictures. Its also seems that this hotel is quite popular with tourists as I understand from the staff that all rooms were fully booked during our stay there.Walking distance from Tiananmendong subway, Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, Wangfujing etc. Convenience stores just opposite the hotel, local eateries nearby where you can have your breakfast along the way as you walk towards the subway.Cozy room and comfortable beds, good range of amenities provided by the hotel. Overall a comfortable stay at a reasonable price. On the negative side, housekeeping service seems inconsistent. Sometimes the housekeeping staff just forgets to replace our toilet paper and we had to call housekeeping to ask for it. On another day, they might forget to empty our rubbish bins etc. One day, we even got the laundry lady knocking on our door which we find annoying.	
	Superb view Good service and Chic design	Park Hyatt Beijing is located on the top floors of the Yintai Centre. We got a great view of the Beijing landscape and its neighbouring sky-scrapers (CCTV Tower etc.) from the sky lobby and the rooms.Service that I experienced was really good. To start with, the staff wore friendly smiles. And what's more, one of the members of the staff even took us around and introduced us to the hotel upon our first arrival.My family and I (4 of us) stayed at 2 Park Twin rooms. The interor design was sleek and modern, with a slight oriental touch. I especially like the ACCA KAPPA bathroom amenities.All in all, the Park Hyatt Beijing was a good deal, considering the comfortable and unforgettable stay that it provided my family and I with.	
May 21 2009 	Great value Good location Nice hotel	Like everything in life its about the ratio between what you get and what you pay.Lets start from the basics: I stayed on the 6th floor (business rooms) with a corporate rate of less than $100 (more like $75) including breakfast.Room was good, comfortable and clean, a desk for work very useful. Breakfast rich and tasty. Location very good, not too far from the airport and with lots of things close by (restaurants, massage, shops) service- trying hard (as much as they can understand your English), Lobby nice. Not posh but absolutely nice ,and for the price of less than $100 its hard to ask for more. Maybe not youre once in a life time honey moon hotel, or a place to impress your 1M dollar customer but great for anything else!!	
Nov 24 2009 	Clean but very noisey	My partner and I stayed here for six nights. For the first two nights it was quiet and comftable so we decided to stay for another four nights. This was a huge mistake as our bit of peace and quiet did not last. Every night and every early morning, doors were being slammed and people were constantly shouting at one another down the corridors. It was awful if you needed to relax from the hussle and bussle of Beijing. The staff appeared to be quite nice/helpful and even offered to post my postcards for us, however I've been home for nearly one month now and my friends still have not received the postcard I sent of the Great Wall and I'm pretty sure it's nothing to do with the post! I would not recommend this place if you actually want to sleep for more than five hours.	
	Top notch Western Hotel in China	We recently spent four nights at this hotel and were impressed by several things. First, the rooms are definitely 5-star and well maintained. Second the complimentary breakfast was the most broad selection of menu choices we'd ever experienced. Both hot and cold menu options, both western and traditional Chinese breakfast fare. Service by concierge and bell staff was excellent. We would highly recommend for a westerner who wants the comforts of home in the midst of China.	
Apr 3 2009	Terrible hotel terrible staff	Stayed at Grand View Garden Hotel end of March with family. At first the hotel appeared to be clean but on inspection bathrooms were not cleansed properly, hair was evident from the previous customer. Breakfast was a lovely if you were allowed in breakfast area. With the excuse of a full breakfast area ( even though room would not be half filled). Every morning the hotel staff would send asian origin customers to an alternate breakfast area at the back of the hotel where it was cold, little choice of food and lack of staff and no cuttery avaliable. Western customers were allowed to enter the main breakfast area even though I was told prior to them that the room was full. When asked for an explanation, the hotel staff (Jenny) ignored me and pretended that she did not understand, waving her hand to gesture me to leave. Overall very dissappointed with this hotel and never stay there again.	
Nov 26 2009 	Recently rennovated best location	Date : 25.11.2009We have just returned from a 5 days stay at the Dream Palace Hotel. The hotel is magnificent with fresh interiors, nice and clean bed linens, towels etc. &amp; very good bathrooms. We stayed on 5th Floor in Deluxe double room, which has different scheme from other floors. We were just expecting a few nibbles but breakfast is a lovely continental spread with cheeses fruits, cakes, Arab breads etc. The location of the hotel is in Deira Dubai, which is old Dubai. Right around the hotel there are two good Malls, many super stores, good restaurants only 3-5 minutes walking distance. Gold Souk is also quite near, 10-15 minutes by taxi ( there is always traffic Jam when you go towards that area)There is nearby metro station on Al Rigga road from where you have options to go to new Dubai, Mall of emirates, Airport by paying merely 6-9 dirham.The hotel staff is very co-operative and courtious. I needed an adopter for my camera charger, which was arranged within a short time. My return flight back was scheduled at 22:40,but hotel people allowed me to stay in the hotel upto 18:00 without any extra charges. However the hotel transport from and to airport was through an old bus without curtain, which posed a problem during day time when the sun was at its peak on our way from airport to hotel. Since the distance of airport from the hotel is not much, the hotel could have arranged a car. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel in 3 star category we have ever stayed in on holiday. YASHPALNEW DELHIINDIA	
Dec 30 2008 	Nice Space	If you are not too fussed about staying in 5 star and on the beach, then these apartments are great.On my visit it was paid for so couldn't complain too much.The apartments are very spacious and have comfortable bed, kitchen bathroom with separate toilet aswell.Flatscreen tvs in lounge and bedroom.The gym is adequate and the pool was nice and warm.The indian restaurante is fantastic with good authentic indian food (made by indian chefs)Overall a nice accommodation.	
	Not just worth the stay you will also Enjoy it	I already have family based in the Emirates- hence a place to stay. Despite this, I thought of trying out a hotel in Dubai at a reasonable cost. I managed to book my hotel stay on lastminute.com at a very reasonable price that you will definitely not get as a local in the Emirates. Strategic location, very friendly staff. The only negative point, but a very crucial one I can think of, is that there is NO internet connection! I did not find the location difficult to get to. If your taxi driver cannot find the location he's definitely trying to keep you longer in the car to possibly charge you more. Tell him to drop you off at the building with an advertisement of &quot;TITAN watches&quot;, in addition to the hotel address. The entrance is on the side of the building adjacent to it.I will come definitely book another stay in this hotel in the near future.p.s. Don't forget to request a coupon from the reception to gain access to the gym at the meridean hotel branch next to the airport. It's worth the visit. Hope you enjoy your stay in the Emirates. :)	
Nov 7 2009 	Nothing to write home about	I was unexpectedly put into this hotel by a client during a short stop over business trip to Dubai. This was my 3rd visit to Dubai but the first time i had stayed in a hotel. Dubai has no shortage of hotels and i dont suppose the Media even with 5 starts can claim to be a real contender for top hotel. That said it is large and cool and clean and the staff are helpful. If i was in Dubai as a tourist it would not be the place to stay and of course the constant buidling site that is Dubai does not endear oneself to the area surrounding the hotel. Not here a midlight walk on the beach. It is simply miles away. The rooms are large and are kitted out in a rather groovy sixties throw back. They are rather dark and the lighting in the rooms not really good enough. The view from my room though was spectacular (12th floor) and the panorama of Dubai streched before one. The bathrooms are nicely thought out with a separate shower unit. As i was out with clients I did not dine at the hotel though breakfast offered various well presented fare. The hotel is a business hotel and not one I would choose if I were planning a romantic trip away.	
May 6 2009 	Decent Average Place in nice location	This is a old hotel (has been around since 1950's) and the room / furnishings are average - becoming a bit old now and require changing.Internet didn't work and had to come to one of their office rooms for the same - couldnt access it even there.	
Jul 31 2009 	Decent and affordable hotel in an expensive city	I researched extensively for my middle eastern trip and found accomodation in Dubai to be quite pricey in general - there is no such thing as a cheap hotel or hostel in this city. Dubai Nova is one of the few relatively affordable and decent (no noisy/sleazy nightclubs) hotels in a well located part of Dubai - still on the 'Bur Dubai' side but close to the Deira side, near the famous souks and just around the corner from Dubai museum which is worth a visit whilst in Dubai. The room was clean and adequate with satellite TV.	
	Loved it !!!!!!!	The most happy service , very professional and friendly !! We were highly satisfy with the facilities and Staff !!	
Jul 13 2009 	Very Good Value for Money	Affordable, clean, no-thrill small hotel. Very good choice if you want a decent hotel and do not have a small fortune to spend on it. Delmon has excellent location, walking distance to Creek , short taxi ride to center, souks, malls, attractions. Clean rooms, although will need redecoration soon. Restaurant not great, but ok. Free net and helpful reception staff. Free shuttle to beach makes it good alternative to beach hotels at a quarter of their prices. A small pool and gym on the roof. If you come here to explore not to spoil yourself and can live without the ulimate luxury and service that top end Dubai hotels offer (at a price), Delmon is an excellent choice	
	Staff Fantastic Hotel Great	Loved this hotel. The staff were just fantastic and couldn't do enough for you. Rooms were great, Longs Bar great and also it was in a great location as the Metro is only about 5 mins walk away from the hotel... Once up and running fully the Metro will be fab as it takes you to all the tourist places. I went to Dubai with my husband for my 40th Birthday present and it was absolutely lovely. I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 13 2009 	Don't	A friend mentioned this hotel to me, having been recommended it by the Marhaba services and I spent one night there passing through Dubai, just wanting to try something new to the usual stopover places, thinking that any standard will be alright, plus I did not get any negative information from my friend, only later to realize that I did not get any information at all, just the name of the hotel. The short of my impressions is that not any standard is alright and Vendome Plaza was one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in - it smells as if freshly painted even if the paint is at least as old as my grandma. Together with the overall shabbiness of the hotel, it does creep on you and does not make you feel any comfortable. My first room was not made and having walked through the corridors for some time to get another one, I felt like checking the wardrobe for huge cockroaches (don't worry, there're none!). A trifle but I find it rather descriptive: Do you know these places where the remote control does not work despite the fifteen layers of scotch to keep the batteries inside? And location? Well, it's not in the middle of nowhere, if that's what you mean, as many other hotels are. You don't have to rely on expensive hotel cars or keep waiting dozens of minutes for a cab, that's true, but in &quot;normal&quot; Dubai weather, which is not-walking, I don't see that this makes much of a difference. I'll certainly not stay in Vendome again and will humbly go back to my favourite overnights at Ibis/Novotel in Deira - cleaner, more light, cheaper (on a good day) plus you can actually walk over to the City Centre to shop, eat or see a movie or two.	
Nov 23 2009 	Good location with helpful staff	Stayed in this hotel for 11 nights while a business trip.The Manager was extremely helpful on arrival at the hotel due to mix up with the sister hotel at Mall of Emirates.Hotel Staff were friendly and helpful with adequate dining facilities on site.Room were basic but clean and well maintained.	
	if all hotels were like Ibis..?	what a stylish place this is! We needed a place to crash after arriving early from India. We were able to check in immediately (about 9a.m.) and I was in the bed within 10 minutes and it was well comfy. Had never been to Dubai before - took the stop-over option from Emirates. In short, Dubai is a bit tough to do on a budget as its all about the swank. The world trade centre is not really near anything else so we moved on to another Ibis next to the Mall of the Emirates the next morning. Although the price is as low as you could wish for, the public areas and rooms are very cool and modern and the staff could not have been friendlier/more helpful. T'internet is pricey but hey-ho.	
Nov 9 2009 	Very basic - nothing wrong with it.	The hotel is basic. It's fairly clean (except for blankets on the bed, which we removed immediately), but well maintained. Its price is good for the 3* and the drinks you may have at the hotel roof are also good. Service is fine: cleaning, reception, breakfast. They can also organise some tours for you at competitive prices (absolutely go to the desert safari!). A couple of complementary bus services exist: beach and shopping, which you may take if you're staying for 3 days+. The location is not necessarily convenient if you end up staying in town after the metro closes, but the metro and bus stops are very close, so you won't have to use taxi too often. I have no other hotel experience in Dubai, but if you're not expecting too much comfort, then Comfort Inn is a solid choice for several nights.	
Nov 22 2009 	Rude staff bad service. A guy entered my room when I was naked	I have been twice in this hotel because my travel agency works with them and I was not able to plan for my travel. The staff simply ignore your requests for anything(even a wake up call is considered as extra service). In my first travel(october 2008), I arrived at night and the transportation to hotel arrived late at the airport. Then they gave me a room in the 2nd floor. I did not know that there are two discos in the first floor and I could not sleep until 4 AM because of the disco's sound. The next time(aug 2009) I asked for a room in upper floors and they gave me one in 5th floor. I was naked in my room shaving when some guy entered my room with one of the hotel stuff. I was really shocked. The reception had given him the same room as mine. I do not know how it can happen!!!! They did not come for transportation and I took a taxi. The food was good in my first trip but in the second, it was spicy. Furthermore the restaurant was full if you were a little late and you should stay in the lobby while others are eating (there is not enough couches in the lobby). Fish and chips was only chips and nobody cared to fill the fish dish again. Very bad service when they are a little busy.Their English is terrible and you can hardly understand what they say. I do not recommend it to anybody. Go to another 3 star hotel. This time I am going to Ibis (2 stars) but I won't go to Fortune again.	
Nov 10 2009 	Good for the money and location	Single Female traveler.......I stayed at the Landmark Deira for 8 days the first week of Nov 2009. Normally i stay at 4-points but it was full due to the Grand Prix. LM was recommended by a local travel agent. I figured to try 1 night and move on if it was bad.Check in was easy. They did not hold my passport (USA). Room was clean, everything worked, nice bathroom, lots of hot water, mini bar, flat screen, extra pillows...etc..But, there is a mosque close by (5 am call to prayer if u are a light sleeper). Breakfast buffet was okay for free. Recommend get there 7 am for freshest picks. No coffee only tea tho. Room service was quick. Free newpaper every morning.The room don't have iron or kettles, but u can get an iron from the desk.The location is good for sight seeing and shopping, and taxis easy to get. A few of the drivers did not know where the hotel was so carry your hotel key card cover (it had a good map on it) or point them to the Mosque next to Al Ghuraiar Shopping Mall (worked for me)I found the staff to be very friendly and kind, BUT very limited english. I had problem when calling room service or for help, but they were quick to get someone to call back that understood english, so it all worked out. They also keep a sharp eye on anyone coming and going. For me, this was a bonus. If u are looking for a place to eat, shower, and sleep it's a good choice. I'd recommend it if u don't want to drop alot of cash on a room that you don't plan to spend much time in.	
Oct 26 2009 	Good overall service 	Just came back after a week at this hotel. The Al Manar hotel apartments (part of ABC group) is located a 10 minute drive from Dubai international Airport which will cost around 40 dirhams by taxi which is 7.00. We had a very big room including a kitchen area that consists of frige freezer, washing machine, microwave, toaster, kettle and electric hob. You also get some basic cuttlery and the fridge has a mini bar (Non Alcoholic drinks only). It also has a secure safe, nice table and chairs, ironing board/ iron and the all important flat screen TV.The hotel is a ten minute taxi drive to the Al mamzar beach park costs around 14 dirhams 2.50 entry fee to the park is five dirhams 0.90p. There is a pool area, place to eat, male/female changing area and a lovely beach.The gold and spice souk/market are not far away if you like that kind of thing. I would recommend going to the Wild Wadi Water park great fun for adults and kids and you can get some great pictures of the Burj Al Arab. We went bed and breakfast. The breakfast is not the best i've had on holiday however its not the worst. The only other downside is there are no fantastic views from your room as there is a construction site next door however we hardly noticed it as we spent most of the day sight seeing. Noise you cannot notice as all windows are fully double glazed. The staff are quite friendly and always willing to help. There is a small pool on the rooftop with sun loungers a shower area and toilets for that all important tan!Location wise its ok, however if you decide to travel to the Jumeirah end it will cost by taxi around 60 dirhams 10 each way and more if you venture futher afield. There is now the partially completed dubai metro(un manned automatic train Like the DLR in London) which you you can get around town with running from Jebal Ali to Rashidya called the red line started 7 weeks ago. However from the hotel you need to get a taxi to Deira city centre station 10 mins away. Its very modern and very clean with the average single trip costing 4/5 dirhams less than 1.00. You can buy a silver card for 6 dirhams and top it up as you go. (A bit like an oyster card on the London underground but way cheaper ! The green line will be completed by mid 2010. The only other thing is that you must get into the right compartment as there is a women and children only carriage the others are mixed. Perfect if you want to go to the emirates mall. There are a good few places to eat nearby the hotel serving western and indian food. I quite enjoyed the iranian chicken sandwich made in fresh bread from accross the road. Drinks are very cheap too stock up as you will need it due to the heat ! I would recommend this hotel to anyone on an average budget.	
Nov 11 2009 	A haven away from the high-rises and traffic.	We stayed here for 3 nights whilst on a visit to see my daughter and her family. The hotel is set in a quiet area in beautiful surroundings next to a lake. The pools are clean and have a pool attendant and waiter-service. The rooms are very comfortable (ask for one witha lake view) and clean. Breakfast was a feast and the hotel offers tempting evening dining.The staff are extremely polite and helpful and, even though my daughter was only a visitor with her baby, the staff went out of their way to help her carry the baby-seat and pushchair to our room. People in Dubai make a lot of fuss over litle children and it's a lovely 'ice-breaker'!The hotel IS further away from the city and airport but, the hotel taxis are on hand and there are free shuttles to a mall and a beach-hotel.There's a small mall adjoining the hotel and it's only a short stroll to local restaurants on the other side of the lake. There are parks nearby to enjoy leisurely walks and take the children to the playground.	
Nov 21 2009 	great service and location	I stayed at this hotel for one night as I was transiting through Dubai en route to India. I had never been to Dubai before and wanted a location that was somewhat central for sightseeing. I wasn't particularly interested in the beach or shopping. The hotel is small and intimate, so the service reflects that. Even though I was only there for one night I felt like all the staff knew me by name. The room was a studio suite and was huge and very comfortable, with a kitchen and living room area. The furnishings were basic and the floors were tile, but that was fine with me. My only complaint about the room was that the water in the shower never got more than just warm. The bathroom had an individual water heater that needed to be turned on prior to showering, and even though I did that the water never really got hot. The hotel is centrally located, and great for sightseeing. It's about a 15 minute walk to Dubai Creek so you can take an abra ride across to Deira. The beach areas are about 30 mins in a cab so I wouldn't recommend this hotel for a beach vacation. However the roof top pool at the hotel is very nice and has a great view. The new metro system also makes getting around convenient. The hotel isn't that close to a metro stop but you can take a quick cab ride to get there. The one thing I would advise is that if you are expecting Meridien opulence and luxury, this hotel is not for you. I don't know how it came to bear the Meridien brand but it certainly is not in league with other Meridien hotels. That being said, it was a great stay experience for me and met my needs completely, but is not a luxury property. I'd definitely stay again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Beauty and the beast!!	Arrived earlier then the usual check in time (around 8 am) as my flight was early BUT was not allowed to check in early unless I payed a fee. VERY DISSAPPOINTING!! The room was obviously available. After having a long flight with a young child you dont want to be in that situation where you are put on the spot. (a bit sad if you have to pay all that money for just a few hours especially since we were staying for nearly 2 weeks)I have stayed at many hotels and have never had a problem with early check in's. This hotel really needs to look into that cos there will be many customers they will lose if this keeps happening even though everything else in the hotel was perfect from the room to the roof top pool... I loved it all!! P.S. I would NOT recommend this hotel to a friend if they have a child and an early flight!!	
	This hotel is certainly not represeing Dubai hospitality	I must say that this is my first time to book in the Dusit chain and i was extremely disappointed. I have booked a 2- bedroom suite for a 2 day vacation for my family with high expectation. The booking reservation that I got clearly mentioned check in time of 2.00PM. I have arrived from another city at 4.00Pm to find the hotel lobby full of families and I did not know why they are waiting. After check in, the receptionist told me that my room is not ready yet and it will be ready in 1 hour time (i.e 5.pm which is already 3 hours after official time) and I have to wait like other families are waiting. The surprise is my room got ready @8.00 pm and we had to wait 4hours for the room. I have complained to the hotel manager that this is not acceptable and that I have lost half a day that I have already for but he said he is sorry and he cant do much for me.Once I checked in the room I found the room to be spacious but furniture very worn out and certainly not representing a 5star hotel.In addition to that, the amount of construction around the hotel is crazy and it took me more than 15 minutes to get to the hotel entrance. I have given my feedback to the corporate guest feedback of Dusit hoping this wont happen to any one elseI strongly advice any visitor to avoid this hotel.	
Dec 9 2008 	average	last minute stay. not my usual but you get what you pay for.	
	5 star experience at 4 star	I had arrived to Dubai with everything except for my hotel information. (I was in such a rush I forgot my information/my dumb fault). The wifi in the airport wasn't working on my laptop. So one frustrated hour later I finally obtained the information. I took a cab ride from the airport which wasnt bad.Upon arrival I was still in the vehicle and the concierge service retrieved our luggage from the vehicle and ushered us inside the hotel. Within minutes we were greeted with complimentary drinks and briefed on hotel ammenities and nearby attractions. You get a tropical feel once arriving in the lavish hotel.Its a calming. relaxing feel. Not alot of bright lights telegraphing how great the hotel ambiance is. It was just filled with great friendly staff. The entire staff was smiling and not bombarding you. And they spoke good english and were helpful.The hotel offered plenty cost free shuttles at various times to the local Dubai mall which was 10 min walking distance as well as shuttles to Jumeirah beach and other locations. As well as Lexus and regular city cabs waiting on location to get you where you needed to be. I didnt eat at the hotel restaurant but I seen everything they offered and it looked good. The restaurant also has a great view of the pool and skyscrapersThe room was perfect. I chose the pool view which was a good choice. At night the local skyscrapers light the sky. The pool was very nice ( 5ft deep) with anything you needed nearby. We had a queen bed which was comfortable as well as a beautiful bath tub and shower. The room has everything you need and the room service is on point with their time and service. The cleaning services will visit frequently but they are fast and efficient.For the cost of the hotel, the location and the experience was the best you can ask for. I would love to stay again at the Qamardeen hotel	
Jul 11 2009 	A good hotel and great staff...!	Like many frequent travelers around the world, I always check the reviews on this website to ascertain whether Id be risking my health by staying there! At first I was worried as a couple of previous reviews werent great and there were no photos of the place either?Though I shouldnt have worried, I was picked up from Dubai International via a free hotel limo and delivered to the hotel door. The hotel itself is welcoming and efficient, with check-in over in minutes, unlike some places I have visited.The rooms available were wide ranging for both non-smokers and smokers, though smoking outside of your room in the hotel wasnt tolerated unless in the Churchills Bar. I had to settle for a smokers-twin instead of the king-size, but I couldnt grumble as they were large comfortable beds anyway.In the room you have everything from comfortable bed, large LCD TV, mini-bar (chargeable of course), full internet services, free safe, basically everything you would really need. Also a nice touch I thought was the laminated TV listing to tell you the channels available and in what language.Breakfast was your standard business hotel affair of a buffet layout, I was disappointed with this though, as the sausages were beef and the bacon was veal. Having come from Saudi Arabia I was really looking forward to gorging on a plate of pork!The hotel bar Churchills Bar is going to be your main port of call and its a welcoming place with good staff, at this point Id like to thank those staff  the beautiful Jessica &amp; Maricel, Patrick, Menon, Dominic and the manager Othman, all were quick with smiles, laughter and the next round! Thank you for making my stay so enjoyable. Also Id to thank Martin the bars resident vocalist/singer and his friend Sean for a great night in Dubai and also the many Emirati patrons who frequent the place, who provided many memories Ill never forget!Further to the excellent staff was good food, though the menu is limited, it really is, I was recommended to try the Bangers &amp; Mash (which is not on the menu), and was treated to a fabulous pork delight, which I had many times. Id like to also mention Mr. Bernard who was always courteous and asking if everything was OK.Other things to mention are Churchills Bar has happy hour from 5-7pm, the hotel is connected to the City Centre shopping plaza, the place is huge on three levels you have every brand or name you would want, and was a real pleasure to tour.So would I recommend this hotel to others, Yes, very much so.	
Nov 16 2009 	Another great experience	Just returned from another business trip to Dubai, stayed at Ramada Dubai for the third time - another great experience....everybody in this hotel is service orientated from Reception, the Old Vic Restaurant and Pub, Breakfast Resaurant ( I forget the name ) all the way through to the Rumours Night Club, nothing is too much trouble and everybody is extremely friendly. The entertainment, both in the Old Vic Pub ( duo who have been there a few years now ) and Rumours ( excellent band ) mean that you never need to leave the hotel in the evening. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and will always stay there when travelling to Dubai.	
	Very pleasant stay at a very accomodating hotel	I recently stayed two nights at the Ritz Carlton in Dubai. I was on a tightly scheduled business trip so a comfortable and hassle-free hotel stay was a must. After clearing customs around 8PM, I grabbed a taxi to the hotel. I was absolutely amazed at how much traffic there is in the Marina area. It took nearly 30 minutes to get from the main road to the hotel itself which is right on the beach/water and across the street from all of the marina towers, stores and restaurants. People sure like to cruise this part of town!!When the taxi pulled up to the hotel I received a very warm welcome from the leader of the bell staff. He cordially took my bags, asked if there were any papers I needed in my briefcase to facilitate check-in (nice touch!) and let me know he would be waiting for me after check-in to assist in any way possible. I describe this because sometimes the bell staff at a hotel is very aggressive in the way they almost lunge for your bags. Here they took a moment saw that I was tired and could use some assistance and then lent it naturally and professionally.While checking in, he also brought a glass of sparkling cider in a champagne flute that was quite refreshing after breathing airplane air for 14 hours. Check in went smoothly but unfortunately no upgrades were available due to &quot;high occupancy&quot;. (They were sold out!).I was escorted into my room, providing with a brief description of where important things were and how they worked (hey a weird TV/DVD player or strange air conditioner can be daunting when very jet lagged). He also saw that there was no ice in the room and had some brought up right away. I thanked / tipped him and started to unpack and relax.I travel a lot so I have a routine. I like to get everything put away and cleaned up before I start checking out the rest of the hotel so that was next. Storage was very good with a good number of hangers and extra pillows. Got to have those extra pillows so you can work from the bed when you get tired of the desk.Internet was a bit pricey at 100dh / ~$28 for 24 hours and the ethernet cable they had in the room was broken. I had one of my own so, no worries.The furniture in the rooms is nice enough and can be seen in pictures posted by others. It's a bit too &quot;bank furniture&quot; for my taste but the desk chair is comfy and the bed, bedding and pillows are great for sleeping.The grounds are immaculate. There are are 3 or 4 pools including one with a water slide for kids and one just for adults. The vegetation was very lush and nicely tended too all day. Crowds gather around the pools, on the connecting lawns and down onto the beach towards the water but it never feels crowded. You really need to spend some time walking on the beach. What was amazing to me was how clean it was and what incredible shells there were that washed up with the tide. In so many other countries the beaches have been picked clean and can't hold a candle to the ones here. From the beach you can see the Atlantis in the distance and can just make out the Burj Al Arab off to the right.I did not have an opportunity to eat in the hotel restaurants but did order room service as it fit best with my out of whack body clock. Everything I ordered came exactly as requested and my add-on request for one other item was delivered in an instant.I did work with the concierge to arrange a car service but just ending up using their car for the trip back to the airport (it was a pristine BMW 750Li) as an interim stop at the Burj al Arab did not work out as you can't just drop in and have a drink at the bar but rather you must book a &quot;cocktail package&quot; and they were fully booked that evening.The front desk staff, shop attendants and folks in the grand lobby (where the daily tea is served) were all as eager to please and friendly as one could hope for. It was just a short trip but I would gladly stay here again when I have more time to relax.	
	Lacking personality	Stayed here for 2 nights in early April. We were hoping to be wowed considering the price we had paid. however, the hotel was rather lacklustre. Didn't get off to a good start, when we were showed to our 'sea view' room, for which we had paid a premium. The room was on the first floor and it had absolutely no view of the sea at all - the palm trees right in front of the balcony completely obliterated it. To cut a long story short, we asked to be moved and it took over an hour for this to be arranged. Overall this is an average big resort hotel, which has little charm or personality. We visited friends at another hotel whilst we were there and there are definitely nicer hotels to stay at in Dubai for the same price.	
	decent	peaceful location near dubai knowledge village and internet city. Ample car parking and decent price of 100 dollars for a room for 2. could be attractive if priced around 75 dollars. breakfast was simple and not too many choices. ample car parking is available and located minutes from the new dubai area of marina, jumeirah beach residence, mall of emirates etc..the access to the hotel could be difficult except by cab or car as it is not in the heart of the city.would stay again if similar price or better deals!	
Jun 16 2008 	OK for the price	We stayed in this hotel for couple of days. Polite employees, the location is excellent, right next to a big shopping mall with supermarket and food court. Nice, basic breakfast. There is a kitchen in every room, not that I cooked but it's nice to have it just in case.... The bathrooms are renovated.  The only thing I did not like is that the hotel is old and you can tell is worn out. The blankets have holes, the sheets and the towels are kind of greyish. I put away the blanket and used only the sheets. At least they are washed more often (I hope). The hotel is excellent for budget travellers, you get what you pay.	
	Great Accomodation but some negatives	Just returned from a 5 night stay at this property with my wife and 2 year old son. The location is about 16 miles south of Dubai Airport. The journey to the hotel at 1:00 am took about 20-25 minutes. It is in the Marina area next to Marina Walk and the Jumeriah Beach Residences. &quot;Jumeriah&quot; seems to stretch a long way down the coast.PositivesThe 2 bedroom suites are huge. In reality they are not conventional suites but 2 bedroom apartments. The one we were in had a smaller, windowless, third bedroom with a foldaway bed that would be classed as the Maids Room. The kitchen is a kitchen, not a kitchenette, and is fully equipped. There is also a washing machine and dryer in a cupboard in the hall.We were travelling with our 2 year old and having the kitchen facilities was ideal. There is a Waitrose a 3 minute cab ride from the hotel and we were able to stock up on baby essentials so he could eat as near to a normal diet as possible. We found out after that there is a Spinneys 5 mins walk from the hotel selling a very similar product range.The apartments are nicely furnished with plenty of storage space. I'll post some photos.ADSL cable internet is currently free in-room and free WiFi is available in the public rooms. This seems to be a hang-over from the days when the hotel was the Emirates Harbour Hotel and Residence and according to the front desk it is likely to be chargeable shortly.The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from Marina Walk where there are plenty of restaurants. None are attached to hotels so all are booze-free. There is a medium sized pool along with a small childrens pool.NegativesBreakfast was nothing to write home about. It wasnt bad but it wasnt good either. It is difficult to say what was wrong but there was definitely something not right. Service in the restaurant is friendly but a bit hit or miss. The hotel is in the middle of a huge construction site. All around there are more skyscrapers going up. The noise is a bit off-putting when lying by the pool. It starts quite early and goes on late. Some sites seem to be working 24 hours although we were not disturbed by the noise from them.The pool area suffers from neighbouring buildings blocking the sun and with more being built the problem will get worse. The pool area is also a little stark and lacks something. Getting pool service was hard and had to be requested rather waiters making regular patrols.This hotel is not on the beach and the only way to get to the beach is either (a) use the hotel shuttle or a taxi to the public beach at Jumeriah Park (we did not like it) or (b) pay to use the facilities of a neighbouring beach hotel. The hotel has an arrangement with the Le Meridien. It costs around Dh160 per adult. The public beach is 20 minutes away and in my view not worth it.SummaryThe hotel is a bit of a paradox. In terms of accommodation it is ideal for families, especially if the children are young. However, its location and lack of facilities for children are disappointing.Would I stay here again? Highly likely. The staff were super friendly and nothing was too much trouble.	
Nov 16 2009 	WILL STAY THERE AGAIN	We stayed in this Hotel for 5 nights (married couple) and i will do it again in the future.Location is perfect,rooms is clean and staff is very nice.This Hotel is a bargain comparing with other Hotels.It is still very new ,the morning buffet breakfast is ok and is all one needs.If i can make a recommendation it will be to place coffee/tea making facilities in the room.Taxis is available 24 hours and the nearest metro station is only 150m away.Just accross the street is the Deira City Cente Shopping Mall.HEIN FROM SOUTH AFRICA	
Oct 13 2009 	Suitable for our needs	We stayed at the Minc in Tecom for over one month whilst looking for a permanent apartment. The Minc is situated next to The Greens area and is just behind Sheikh Zayed Road South and opposite Media City. You are a short drive to Mall of the Emirates, the Palm Jumeirah and the Marina area and the Burj Al Arab or Wild Wadi. There is a lot of road construction around but that is Dubai all over. The staff were superb. Donna on reception and Mr Ashok (not sure of the spelling) the Manager were very helpful. The rooms are massive with en-suites and FULLY furnished. The apartments are as big as some UK homes. We are very familiar with Dubai as my husband has worked here on and off for the last 3 years. We had a very long (if slighly narrow) balcony which was superb for drying clothes on the supplied airer - we wanted for nothing. Kitchen was fully equipped and included large clean cooker, microwave and fridge freezer. Great gymn, steam room, sauna and showers. Clean towels supplied also. Shopped for food locally in The Greens (3 min drive) but another local shop will deliver if you spend 50 Dirhams or more and so will Burger King etc.etc. no matter what you spend. Outside pool on ground floor. Free internet connection, a bit slow though. Tell taxi drivers (they don't always know where they are going) that Tecom is next to The Greens and is not to be confused with the Minc in Al Barsha area. Thank you Donna and Mr Ashok for your helpfulness and concern when I took ill and was hospitalised with pneumonia (nothing to do with the hotel), it was greatly appreciated.	
Oct 25 2009 	Stayed several times now and always happy with it.	I have stayed in this hotel several times now. Its right in the city and just a short walk to the creek or cheap taxi ride away from everything. Staff are helpful and courteous and the rooms are spotless with nice big beds. Although in the middle of the city they have a deal with another hotel where you can get a transfer to their beach.The only negative I would have is that the Russian bar in the hotel can have pretty loud music playing until the early hours. It wont bother you if your going to be there yourself but may be worth asking for a room away from it if your after an early night.	
Nov 8 2009 	Amazing hotel to get engaged!	Absolutely loved this hotel. We stayed for 10 nights in Sept 08 during Ramadan and was worried about eating and drinking restrictions, but it was very discreet and didn't impact on us at all. I seem to remember our room view was overlooking the air conditioning units but we were never in our room during the day and did not bother us at all. Rooms are very clean and very comfortable, with good selection of English speaking TV channels. Food was excellent; we tried all the restaurants on site but our fave was the tepennyaki table. We regularly saw the same staff on day and evening shifts around the hotel and restaurant and they were so friendly - really couldn't do enough for you. When we were there, there was building works in the distance but personally didn't phase us or distract from the bright white sand and warm sea. We love lounging about in the sun all day and Jebel Ali is perfect for this - we were totally spoilt with the beach and 3 swimming pools.It is about 40 mins away from the rest of the Jemeriah hotels but we we got taxis there a few nights which was great (you must go the Meat Co. for amazing steak) but felt lovely to leave the bright lights and bustle behind and return back the Jebel Ali at the end of the night.I really want to do this hotel justice as it will always be special to us, having got engaged on the 2nd night inside one of the private gazebos on the beach. Absolutely amazing. If you're fairly laidback, enjoy chilling in the sun and into your food, you'll love it!	
Nov 18 2009 	Everything we wanted and more...	We have just arrived back from a 4 night stay at the Oasis. It was quite simply an amazing apartment hotel! The apartment was huge and very well serviced, cleaned daily and bathroom and kitchen stocked with amenities and products. The view we had from the 26th floor was of he neighbouring marina and the palm, both made for breathtaking scenes every morning and when the sun goes down a wonderfully lit city awaits you from the comforts of your balcony. We were given complementary beach towels every day and made the short walk across the street to the beach. The area outside the hotel is brilliant &quot;the walk&quot; - lots of shops and places to eat.We were 2 couples sharing, but could recommend this hotel for all types - families, groups etc. Staff very pleasant every day, good choice for breakfast every morning - including pork station for those who like their bacon sarnies and full english!I would definitely return to this hotel again!	
Oct 22 2009 	Breath-taking Hotel	Hotel One&amp;Only Royal Mirage is one of the most gorgeous hotels that I've ever visited. The views are breathtaking day and night. Everything is almost perfect here. If you can afford it, go there, you won't regret.	
Jul 23 2009 	Stopover in Dubai	We spent 2 nights here on our way to Africa. The rooms were excellent, spacious and comfortable and enough beds for our family (often a problem with 3 children). Though the kettle plug didn't fit into the wall plug! Reception staff were very good. The two downsides were that the pool was closed for renovation (our kids were so looking forward to a swim considering it was so hot outside!) and the service in the restaurant. Don't use the restaurant if you can help it. We were travelling with 2 other families and were exhausted when we arrived having travelled from Australia &amp; NZ and didn't feel like walking in the heat for somewhere to eat - well we should have. It took up to 2 hours for food to arrive - mine actually never did arrive. And my daughter fell asleep in her chair before her's (a hamburger) arrived. When the hamburgers did arrive, they looked like they'd been bought from outside the hotel.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great for a stop-over	This is an excellent hotel for a stop-over. The staff are friendly and helpful and the rooms have all the amenities you would expect (including a shaving kit, dental kit etc. etc. - all of which was very useful since I had not remembered to pack my toilet bag in my hand luggage (see comment below)). The other nice thing is that they have really tried to make the hotel a bit edgy and different, which is quite a feat for something which is essentially in an airport terminal building. My only quibble was that the air conditioning in the room seemed rather complex to operate and could not be turned off. One point to note though, if you are going to use this hotel overnight on your way to somewhere: check your main luggage through to your final destination and pack a change of clothes and toilet bag in your hand luggage. In order to get your main luggage you need to go out of the terminal and into Dubai (the luggage hall is technically part of Dubai). This means you need to go through passport control. You cannot then get back to the hotel without checking in for your connecting flight, which will probably not open until a few hours before it takes off.	
Nov 19 2009 	Excellent budget business option	Their 3rd floor &quot;single&quot; rooms are an insane deal at 250AED, they are tiny but very comfortable. Access all of the amenities of a luxury hotel and stay in the trendy marina area for around 70 US dollars.	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent apartment and facilities in secluded location...	The arabian suites were located in Bur Dubai, but every taxi driver struggled with its location...but this didnt matter as the apartment and facilities (gym and pool) were ideal for short term vacations. The staff were very helpful and attentive.	
Jul 11 2009 	amazing hotel	amazing luxrios hotel - staff very helpfull spotless clean love it diffently will visit again- would love if internet is free	
Nov 24 2009 	great value	Some staff very nice like the philippino and moroccan girls in the reception, some staff not so helpfull. Rooms spacius and modern, good selection of TV channels, small but nic swimming pool and Jacuzzi if u dont mind the constructions around, nice small Sauna, resturants are ok.Generally great value for less than 300AED night.	
Jun 19 2009	Terrible Stay	I returned to the Angsana for a weekend with my family as my first stay was stay on a buisness trip in January was very pleasant, however on the return trip the room was not clean, stains on bed, dust everywhere and the room attendant seemed annoyed that he had to redo the room. Breakfast buffet was downgraded from my last visit and deffinetly not up to any 5 star standards. Service was below average and not even the restaurant manager seemed to know what was on the menu.I asked to speak to senior management regarding this issues but was told that noone was on duty.Spend your money somewhere else as they dont seem to care at all about their guests.	
Jun 8 2009	it's all about location!	the location of this hotel is just out of this world! Our room was such a great hight that the view was not to be forgotten!	
Oct 20 2009 	Wonderful Time	I stayed at the regent beach twice last year and thoroughly enjoyed both times. It is a 3* hotel with bags of character, not a 5* modern high-rise. The bedroom, and all public areas, had aircon. The large ali-baba tents added to the ambience. The staff were really friendly; the food was great; the room was large, clean and tidy. Not a bad word to say about it. The fact that it is across the road from the beach made the holiday even more enjoyable. There are quite a few cafes, restaurants and shops close to the hotel, but the best place to eat was the Automatic Grill which is about 4-5 minutes walk on the other side of the road heading in the direction of the Burj/Jumeirah Beach Hotel. The name doesn't do the food justice. Fresh salads, fruit and vegetables, flame grilled meats - at very reasonable prices.Roll on April when I'll be back there for another amazing holiday.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great value for money	We got a good deal on this hotel, where we stayed for 10 nights. The good points are that the studio apartments are clean and well equipt. They are spacious. There is a bus stop very nearby and the metro ( of course taxis are very cheap. The staff are helpful and friendly.)You must be aware though that they are building a hotel next door, and although we never heard any banging, we were on the opposite side of the hotel, I imagine it would be awful if you were right next to the hotel. I was informed that currently half of the hotel is not let out.The pool is lovely and quiet, but then it is overlooked by the builders. You do get used to this though. Take an i pod to block out the noise.The fire alarms went off at least 4 times when we were there and I was a little nervous, because one never would know if it was a false alarm. The alarms are very sensitive.We were on the 13th floor, at the very top and although I would return to this hotel , I would prefer to be no higher than the 5th floor. So book it, but ensure you are not next to the building site and you will have a super time.!!	
Nov 3 2009 	Rather over-rated	This hotel is in a good location by the beach and over the road from the Jumeirah mosque. The grounds are very nice with streams and lots of trees, although the accommodation blocks are not near the pools or restaurants. We had a junior suite for one night but were a bit disappointed that it was really just like a townhouse or apartment with small windows, access through a lobby area and didn't feel at all like a resort room (we were on the ground floor). We had no complaints with the room itself which was well appointed, spacious and clean and would have been lovely in the middle of a city, but not really what we expected by the beach. Our only experience of the other facilities was breakfast, which was the worst we experienced during our whole trip - service was slow and a bit sullen, the food was limited in choice with no Arabic/ME dishes offered and what was presented was lacking in flavour. We felt the hotel was OK, mainly appealing to European groups, but expensive for what was on offer.	
Nov 24 2009 	Oasis.	We had never stayed at a Holiday Inn so had no point of reference or expectations but I would be very surprised if other Holiday Inns are any where near the high quality of Holiday Inn Dubai-Al Barsha.The location on Sheikh Zayed Rd. is very convenient - walking distance to the Mall of Emirates (containing Ski Dubai) which also now has a Metro stop - the Dubai Metro is brilliant (and will be more so when all the stations are open) and can take you to Dubai Airport for only a few dirhams. The heat is oppressive in Dubai so to the Mall is about the only place you'll be able to walk to, fortunately though taxis in Dubai are cheap, clean and plentiful so a trip to the Burj Al Arab or the Dubai Mall is very affordable. When we checked-in there had been a mix up with our room and it took the manager a few moments to sort it out - thankfully he displayed total professionalism and upgraded us to a suite. Praise Allah ! The suite was massive and in pristine condition (as was the whole hotel) This made our two night was an absolute pleasure. Every request was attended to quickly and without fuss. Tipping is appreciated but not expected in UAE so you don't feel as if you are being hustled by good service - this was extremely refreshing !We dined at the Burj Al Arab (which I highly recommend) so cannot give an account of the restaurants in the hotel but their decor was fabulous. Alas I didn't sneak a glimpse of the alleged prostitutes at that bar mentioned in other reviews so can't comment on whether everything in Dubai is indeed bigger and better in this regard !We were particularly impressed with the rooftop pool and bar area - superb views of the Burj Al Arab. A great way to spend an hour or two to get the tan to show the friends back home that you were in the Middle East (not just in air-conditioned malls all the time)Dubai is a fabulous place for a break - not at all as plastic and soulless as I thought it would be - I can't wait to return and look forward to staying at the Holiday Inn Dubai-Al Barsha again !	
	Nice rooms nice pool well-meaning staff...but it's Fawlty Towers in the middle of a building site	It would be unfair to criticise this hotel to ruthlessly, as it has great potential.BUT (and it's a big but) the place is literally wallowing in a dust-bowl in the middle of nowhere, apparently in some kind of taxi no-mans-land (possibly as there's nothing else nearby that would require a cabbie to know the area).The surrounding neighbourhood (and that word suggests far too much of a sense of community) consists of several yet-to-be-filled artificial lakes, numerous unfinished tower blocks, a motorway (which does a great job of blocking one off even further from the more developed neighbourhood opposite, as there's no pedestrian access over it!) and not a lot else.The hotel plays a nauseating piece of Cafe Del Mar muzak on continuous loop in the lobby, which had me ready to scream after a couple of days. Just one cheesy song, playing over and over again. Poor staff. They told me that the hotel designer mandated it: cynical b**tard!The hotel management succeeded in evacuating part of the hotel by mistake while I was there, when they ran a fire alarm test without...erm...telling the guests that there was a fire alarm test.I could go on ranting, but a lot of the other stuff was teething problems for a new hotel. On the bright side, the (overpriced) restaurant was offering good food, and the bar is a bit of a local haunt for ex-pats coming in from the desert of unfinished apartments in which they live nearby.Give it a couple of years - assuming Dubai isn't closed down for financial incompetence - and this will be a nice, if synthetic, neighbourhood. The soon-to-open Metro station nearby will help to make it more accessible.But for now I'd say steer clear of this hotel until they've improved their own processes, and the surrounding area has been tidied up a little. It's got great potential, but avoid for now.	
Nov 21 2009 	In Short You Name it and you get it there.....Feel you are in Heaven	Most Important of All.....You find it like youtr Second Home. From the Day i visited York International i never thought of visiting any other Hotel for Fun and Joy. Indian and Pakistani Staff knewed how to deal with Customers and you had a Good varieties of Food and Drinks......It was my first foreign trip. The hotel is excellently located in Bur Budai on the main road maintained, clean Rooms and Toilets, Polite staff. The Night Club was mindblowing and Specially you can Experience a Visit to Dilkash and Sur Taal a Indian Club.....Listen to Chill Out Indian Songs with Fun....At the End dont know how will it matter to Other's But You drink you feel to have some Extra Fun You Know what i mean to say Which all ages of men will like to have.......Take Away G_R_S from all different Countries....oooohlalalala	
Nov 4 2009 	Hyatt Gold Passport Fails to Deliver	On a recent business trip to Grand Hyatt Dubai, had one of those experiences, where you can't but feel rather taken advantage of by the hotel group.As a regular Hyatt guest, I hold a Platinum level 'Hyatt Gold Passport', which it says everywhere that, entitles me to a 'Guaranteed Room within 72 hours'.However, don't be fooled by this 'value promis'.It turns out, that 'room' in this casem, was either a suite at a whopping 4 times normal room rate, or the Presidential Suite, at 10 times the normal room rate!As a 12 year Hyatt veteran, how could one NOT feel shortchanged, and taken for a ride!Needless to say, the GP (Gold Passport) phone staff, based out of, seemingly somewhere near Timbuktu, were of no help, showed no desire to resolve this situation, nor appeared to possess an emphathetic bone in their body.However, I would recommend the Westin Mine Seyahi at the Jumeriah Beach Resort as a nice alternative to the Hyatts in Dubai...	
	At the time a journey to a building site.	Only stayed here for one night, on the way back from Sydney, we arrived during the morning and was offered breakfast at no extra charge. The rooms were excellent as you would expect from a hotel of this standard. We also went to The Mall Of The Emirates on the free hotel shuttle bus. Excellent.	
Oct 9 2009 	Fab accommodation good value for money recommended if you know your way around Dubai	Oaks Liwa Heights is definite value for money in terms of room space and comfort. It is in a middle of construction site for now but I foresse that in the next 3 years, perhaps this location (JLT) will have more to offer to visitors. When the Dubai Marina Metro Station opens, this hotel is a great base which will offer a safe and short walk distance to the Metro. It is also a very short taxi ride away from the very fashionable, trendy and interesting combination of shops and accommodations at The Walk at Jumeirah Beach Residence. As for now, it remains quiet and good for peeople who know their way around Dubai.If you are arriving in Dubai via Emirates Airlines. The best and cheapest way to ge to hotel is take the Metro (from terminal 3 only; dedicated to Emirates Airlines). It will cost you 4.5 Dirhams (about $1.30) and 2 Dirhams to buy your Visitor's Metro card which is re-chargeable. At the moment, you can only get off at Mall of the Emirates and then from there take a taxi to Oaks Liwa Height in Jumeirah Lakes Towers. This is a large area of many buildings and is heavily under construction, hence, some taxis do not know wehre it is. Tell them it is in fornt of Damas (gold factory). It costs about 20 Dirhams (less than $7) from Mall of Emirates to the hotel. If you can't be bothered, taxi from airport to the hotel will cost about 100 Dirhams (about $27) in good traffic. Soon, the hotel can be serviced by Dubai Marina Metro. It is a short walk from the soon to open Metro stop.Places of interests close by are Dubai marina (The Walk), a splendid, Mediterranean styled shops and accommodations by Juneirah beach. It took me 2 1/2 hours to walk the whole strtech from beginning to end including my stops at interesting shops and lunch. Weekend (Fri &amp; Sat) features an outdoor market from 9am to 9 pm. Many interesting finds from here. You can also bring some folding chairs and park yourself along the beach which is situated between the hotels. The best stretch is just after teh Hilton Hotel. Choices of Restaurants- unlimited! Another day, go malling and visit Dubai Marina Mall- nice cosy and quiet-ish. This si literally across Sheikh Zayed from the hotel but you'd need a taxi to take you there. Not far ar Ibn Battuta and Mall of the Emirates. I sugegst to explore the city via Metro and make Mall of the Emirates station your springboard. It is cheaper to travle this way and will give you a good perspective of the city. The hotel only has a coffee shop and Restaurant open for breakfast and lunch. Make sure you buy provisions if you tend to get peckish at night. The rooms have well equipped spacious kitchen and housekeeping will do the washing up for you the following morning. If you have the time, try their gym; a proper one with all modern and working equipments. The pool is indoors and good for family. There is also a covered kiddie's pool. However, you wlll be overlooked by construction wokers in building all around you so think Modesty!Taxi can be ordered by reception, however, they tend to forget (not that there are many guests requeting for them to remember, ha.ha). I suggest going down the hotel ramp entry and flag a taxi from there. Should not take more than 5 minutes. Order taxi only if you are going out very late at night as the road are has not many street lights and could be unsafe in darkness ( in term of motor accident, I feel).Night trips are very good at Madinat Jumeirah by the Abra Lagoon. Try Dubai Marina, particularly Meridien Mina Seyahi's Bartista. Dubai is an amazing transforming city by the minute. My next stop is to explore Old Town.	
Nov 12 2009 	Paradise	Fabulous place, fantastic service and excellent food, the weather was scorching in february!	
	Mediocre	I stayed for one night in this airport hotel, which is about 5 - 10 mins taxi ride from the airport. There are other hotels in the same location now so the choice has improved. The Millenium hotel is used as the free stopover hotel for Emirates passengers if they have poor connections. The reception is geared towards clearing clients through very quickly and it was efficient if impersonal. You're issued with vouchers for dinner, late snack and breakfast if you're on a free stopover, which is excellent value. The meals were buffet style, soft drinks were included and I have no complaints about any of the meals. The room however was a different matter. Avoid the rooms on the ground floor that have no carpet as the passage of other clients would make the room very noisy as they tramp past to get to the lifts. I stayed at the end of the ground floor corridor and there was carpet on the corridor so noise wasn't too bad. The room is extremely basic. No in-room safe was the major issue along with no hair dryer (had to ask reception for one, when it came it shorted the electricity supply to the room, so we had to ask for another hair dryer in the morning - why don't they have one in the bathroom attached to the wall if they are so concerned about theft?). The toiletries were very substandard for a three half star property and shampoo was in a sachet. The hotel is not concerned about clients staying for one night and therefore this is a very basic hotel. Considering it was free, I can't complain about the price but no hair dryer is stupid! If you don't get a free stopover, look for other hotels in the same location - they are bound to be better	
	Cheaper better options close by -would not recommend.	Good points - free internet and location handy for business in Media CityNegatives - Room is very small and feels pokey, decor is very 70s will faux leather, scratched MDF furtniture and looking a past its sell by date. Expect the same as a Uk motorway IBIS near Watford gap. Nearby hotels offering rooms 40% cheaper on www.dubai-bookings.com	
Aug 6 2008 	Best palace for Backpackers / Great Location	I recommend this hotel for backpackers especially or young singles, close friends and people who do not look for luxury.It has a great location downtown Dubai but it's located on quite busy street even at nights. But it's ok when you close balcony door / window. The hotel is quite clean, staff is friendly rooms are in good condition. There's also avialable internet connection in the hotel. Breakfast loung is a little bit small but it's ok for a 3* hotel.Hotel is about 15 mins from Jumeirah Beach (by car, without traffic) and nearby attraction is : Abra station to pass Bur Dubai and hipermarket of Carrefour where you can get easly cheap food for your evenings.	
Nov 17 2009 	grotty	This is an Aparthotel in need of redecoration and refurbishment in rooms. Although clean, and some of the fittings in the bathroom appeared to be new, the tiles around the Bath were disgusting. The Hotel is in the middle of the business district and is totally unsuitable for a short leisure break as it's over 40 minutes away from the Jumeirah Beach Area.	
Oct 28 2009	Everythings Premier except the location....	Took my mum for a last minute holiday. The service was top notch. Better than alot of 5 star luxury hotels. The staff would do anything for you.Frustrating things are that it is in the middle of nowhere, kinda knew this before travelling, but planned on getting bus to ibn buttuta mall then travelling out but the bus that the premier inn website advertises the hotel staff told me does no longer exisist. Handy. This meant, taxis. However due to a massive bit of roadworks on the only road that led to the hotel, my taxi fares were about 4 or 5 more expensive than necessary due to sitting in the awful traffic. This cannot be blamed on the hotel though and relatively, taxis are cheap - dont get me wrong. 20 to the airport the other side of Dubai is cheeeap and takes 45mins you couldnt get that in london. But spent most my money in taxis. Also there is not taxis waiting at hotel really as not main tourist hotspot but hotel will call them for you happily and normally about a five minute wait.Food was great.The service was really next to none. Pool was lovely with beach towels supplied. Lifeguard was quite good looking too! It was sooo peaceful at night - which alot of the other hotel in dubai definetly arent due to the main motorways like sheik zahyed road running past them.The rooms were spacious, free safe in the wardrobe, fridge, and lovely bathroom, lots of towels. The bed is huge and high - like the princess and the pea! The shower drips a bit and curtain does not stop running water on to the bathroom floor. But fairly minor complaints.Best cheap stay hotel in Dubai bar none!	
Nov 8 2009 	A great place to stay	Have just returned from a week at the Al Sondos by Le Meridien travelling with my 17 year old daughter. We were looking for a convenient location for a mix of beach, relaxation, shopping and sight seeing. Were upgraded to a one bedroom apartment at no extra cost which was beautifully appointed and very comfortable. The recently opened City Centre metro stop is literally 1 minute walk from the hotel and there is a direct train to Terminal 3 at the airport, also used the metro to get to the Emirates Mall. It costs 5 dirham per trip per person (around 80 pence) and is much cheaper and faster than taxis. The metro station also serves as a subway across to the Mall and is a safeter way to cross the busy street. The hotel reception staff were friendly and tried to be helpful but are unknowlegable about the area. They assured us that the Gold Souk was easily walkable from the hotel but it took over 20 minutes by taxi. There is a leisure desk which was never manned and only were interested in selling tours from a brochure which were at hugely inflated prices. The pool is TINY (the photographer must have used a very wide angled lens on their website) and largely in the shade so not a place to catch some sun. Had some great days out which were all easily reachable from the hotel. The desert safari (booked from a tourist brochure picked up at the airport) is a must - paid 150 dirhams per person - the hotel wanted 220. Al Mamza Park is about 10 minutes by taxi in the opposite direction to Jumeirah Beach. 5 dirhams per person entry to a beautiful park and 3 beaches which were virtually empty, cafes, showers and taxis readily accessible. Spent a day at Wild Wadi water park, was given a 2 for 1 entry by a stranger in the queue (thank you!) which was fun but the new water park at Atlantis is supposed to be much bigger and better although did not go there. Ate at Al Bustan Hotel and had some of the best Lebansese food ever tasted and not at all expensive. The Al Sondos is a dry hotel as is the mall opposite so make sure you bring / buy all you need on your way into Dubai unless you want to spend ages searching for a glass of wine.	
Oct 6 2009 	wow	its in short words HEVEAN so cozy and relaxing plus it has a great location right behind the uae mall, the stafe are so kind and nice	
Nov 11 2008	Arrange a pick up shutle from airport	Further to my previous review I would like to addthat we booked the hotel through DirectRooms initially but it was a pain as they don't have an instant confirmation of bookingand if you are booking at the short notice...problem!better was for us to get service from octopustravel and then when we already got our booking and PLEASE print your voucher and the payment confirmation and whatever else the site is providing you with - as the reception requires all these papersand without them you are in trouble! then send the email to the hotel dthtl at sign emirates dot net dot ae asking them to arrange to pick up from the airport. Remember - forget about english politness and just say everything clearly and simple - No of people when , all flight details, etc... I suggest that you call them too to follow this up and GET the name of the person who took your message.I guess it is all - now thinking back about that trip - it was not bad at all! the hotel was actually better then the whole experience being in DUbai. I repeat - Abu Dabi is much better!	
Nov 25 2009 	FAB great value location rooms  food and services	Great location, the hotel has a quite relaxed feel to it. The food and breakfasts cant be falted all made fresh and plenty of choice.the staff are so helpful and have a lot of knoledge of the area.The pool is lovly and get sun on it in the afternoon, and you can also ask to have food and drinks in the courtyard area or poolside, its very quite so its nice to relax after busy mornings.the room keeping is up to a very high standsrd	
Nov 22 2009 	Only a Hostel... not a Hotel	One of the worst Hotel Apartments in the Middle East. Promise a lot in the internet - just as a marketing effect, not in reallyty. There is only the space of the flat ok - all other details are a not provided by staff and management.	
Oct 2 2009 	Spacious 	Well firstly, as someone pointed out in his review, most of the people describing London crown 1 as being grotty &amp; unclean have confused it with London crown 2, which indeed is all that. London Crown 1 is located near to the four points sheraton hotel and the standard chartered bank off al mankhool road. London crown 2(the bad one) is located in bank street area(some 50 mtrs off the main street), near burjuman center.And if I am correct London crown 1 has 2BHK &amp; 3BHK roomswhile London crown 2 has studio &amp; 1bhk roomsNow to the review of London Crown &quot;1&quot;Location : It is located in a quiet residential area off al mankool road, behind standard chartered bank. Its at a walkable distance(max 10mins) to departmental stores like spinneys and choitram , couple of decent malls,electronic shops like Jumbo and also apple store, a few nice restaurants(including KFC and Mcdonalds), and some pubs . And if you dont mind walking a bit more, then you could be in the awesome Mina bazaar after a leisurely walk of about 20 mins.And there is a convenient store right opposite to the hotel for all the daily requirements.Rooms: Well, when I walked in the room for the first time, my first words were - 'wow, thats big!'..I stayed in a 2 bhk room along with one of my office collegue. The living room was big with a LCD tv, comfy sofa set, and a dining table. The fabric of sofa set did look like it needed some urgent fresh fabric upgrade.The bedrooms had divinely comfortable queen sized double beds, CRT TVs and good storage arrangements.There were 2 bathrooms, one had a bathtub, while the other a separate shower area. Decent sized, simple, and clean.The room service did a great job daily to keep everything neat and clean.All in all rooms werespacious and clean, but the furnishings were relly outdated.Service: At times the room service was prompt and at times it gave me headaches. On my first night I asked them to give me a wakeup call at 6am as I had an important meeting..The next morning no one bothered to give me a call! Fortunately my cellphone alarm went off at 7 am , so I was only an hour late on my first day. One of the lady, who seemed to be from philippines, had a tough time comprehending english.Either they misunderstood what I wanted and brought something else, or they forgot it all together.Food: The chicken club sandwich for 23Dirhams was absolutely awesome.. I ordered it more than 20 times for about 45 days I stayed there ! The food was good, but it took really long to deliver. Sometimes it took more than an hour.There was a nice restaurant called Grand restaurant opposite to the hotel building, which served even better food (Indian, Chinese and continental) at about half the price!! We ate our dinner there almost every other day.Or you can always wander outside where there are many good lebanese, indian,continental and chinese restaurants.I didnt have to pay for my month and half stay here as I was on official business trip.I learnt however that it cost 800 Dhm per day /per room for my company..a little pricey I think taking into account the not-so-good service and outdated furnishings.	
Dec 14 2008	Not Burj Al arab but it was pleasant	Dubai was our last stop before heading home to Perth, Australia. Having searched for a decent (value) hotel on the internet, we decided to gave this hotel a go. We were gonna settle for Ibis, thank God we didnt; its shoe box size room kinda put me off.Anyway, when you arrived in Dubai and if you're holding Australian pasport, you wouldnt need to get a visa; so went straight to the immigration queue line (in Paris we were told by the ticketing lady to get visa when we arrived in dubai. Doh!). We checked with the airport guy in Dubai and he said we DIDNT NEED A VISA!.Ok, lets moved on to other important thing: BEER! or any other alcohol beverages for that matter...Grabbed yourself a trolley, went straight to duty free shop, and filled your trolley with as much cartons of beer/alcohol beverages as possible. Why??? because outside the airport; Dubai's a dry country. If in any case alcohol were available, it's very-very expensive. So word of advise: stocked up before leaving the airport!!! (so you'll always had cold beer in your room after a full day tour on a hot day - sweet!!!)So, back to Dubai Concorde, we've got picked up and taken to the hotel. By the time we got to the hotel it was past midnight and only the night shift were on duty. They asked us to leave the passport overnight (which I reluctantly gave, which made me all panicky thinking of them losing our passports) but luckily they did take good care of the passport and were handed back to us in the morning after the receptionist sorted out all the admin. My husband said they have stacks of all the guests passports there  the thought of this made me shiver.And I was glad to see that I wasnt the only one whos not comfortable leaving my own passport in their hand, because the next day while we were chatting with the front office this middle eastern guest was literally begging the receptionist to keep his passport safely or else.Now, the hotel itself; I must say its no Burj Al Arab but its was a pleasant hotel to stay. The staff were friendly, the hotel clean and comfortable, with big room and comfy bed and AC!!! Breakfast buffet were good and plentiful. The location of the hotel was close to the Gold Souk. They organized a car to take us to the Burj Al Arab for dinner which was nice (you needed to call the Burj for dinner reservation and theyll send you a confirmation fax. Then you must bring that fax and showed it to the security at the gate to enter Burj Al Arab  I know. It sounded like mission impossible or 007 but it so worth it)Attached to the hotel, on the ground floor theres a restaurant where you could try some shisha.We were in Dubai mid June and the sky was unfortunaly foggy	
Jul 26 2009 	fantastic stay plenty to keep you busy	The Waves apartments Dubai Marina is an excellent base to experience the delights of Dubai.The apartment was right on the waterfront with excellent views of the marina. with an excellent pool, kids pool with water park, plenty of luxury sun beds, the pool was quiet, jacuzzi, gym, sauna and steam room, even on your resting days you can be assured you're pampered.walking distance to shops, chemist, hairdressers,hotels, beach, the new Marina Shopping Mall and the new metro station, its an ideal location.can recommend this apartment on Tower B at the front, will be returning next year for a fabulous holiday	
Oct 17 2009 	The Best Hotel we have EVER staying in. Perfect Honeymoon!	My husband and I staying in the Arabian Court for 5 days for our honeymoon and we cannot recommend this hotel enough. It was like a dream! As soon as we arrived we were given a refreshing drink and cold towel - we were &quot;bonged in&quot; and called us &quot;Mr and Mrs Hot&quot; which we thought was hillarious!We were taken to our room and I received a huge bouquet of flowers to congratulate us on our marriage. We also received a present - a gorgeous photo frame. We were stunned. Our room was huge and beautiful. You could not fault it.We were on the half board deal which I would recommend as otherwise you would really spend a fortune. We still spent a considerable amount as alcohol is expensive. The food was the standard of high class restaurants in London, we were incredibly impressed. We had actually booked into Gordon Ramsey's restaurant but cancelled as the food was so amazing here.As we were a honeymoon couple the hotel gave us breakfast in bed one morning. It reminded me of the scene in Pretty Woman when Richard Gere orders the whole menu for Julia Roberts! We felt so special!I could go on and on about how special this hotel is, seriously you must go! The staff really cannot do enough for you, it is amazingly clean and beautiful. Luxury does not even cover it! You could never regret staying here, we cannot wait to go back!	
Nov 19 2009 	wonderfull hotel in good location	Sheraton brand has reputation for quality and value. For that reason we decided to stay at this hotel and were not disapointed. Wonderfull desk staff. We were given upgraded room on 7th floor with a view of tallest building in the world. The hotel is renovated and everithing is so nice and modern looking. Indian restaurant is must to see. Location of the hotel is excelent for sightseeing and shopping. Taxis in Dubai are cheap but we hired limo from the hotel instead at 80Dh per hour and had experienced driver / guide showing us around. Wonderfull and highly recommended.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Value	great value of money, very clean hotel, nice furniture staff were friendly and tried to help us with taxis (hard to get free ones) but when i was there there was a construction work i think it was a new bridge or somethingbut over all its a very highly recomended hotel	
Mar 12 2009 	Helpfull Staff	For the price it was what I expected. I arrived late (3am) due to a delay in flights but the guy at reception was understanding and helpful. The room was quite large and the air-con worked and was not noisy. The bed was comfortable (Double) and clean. The Bathroom required a little TLC but everything worked and the water was hot. In the morning, the wake up call was on time and they will take you to the airport for 40 Dirams. No waiting for Taxis.Overall it was good value.	
Nov 20 2009 	got more than what we expected..highly recommeneded..thank you	great hotel with great location, the arriving did'nt start as pleasant as we would have liked... we arrived 4 hours before check in time and were charged us$100 extra but we did not care once we checked to our two bedroom apatment....every thing was so nice and celan...the two bedroom apartments are massive, as first time in dubai, we didnt book any sieght seeing but the tourist booking centre guys were great. the children absolutely loved the pool on the roof and the bar and wifi was great. all taxi driveres know where the hotel is.... we will be returning to dubai next year and i will not look at any thing else apart from this hotel.... excellent apartments...excellennt pool, excellent staff...very very happy customer.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very good compared to other city hotels we have stayed at	We stayed here for 3 nights two weeks ago. A lovely hotel above the burjuman shopping centre. We arrived at 9am and were given a room straight away. A one bed classic apartment, very spacious. The staff were good and we were looked after.Breakfast was included in our rate at the Gallery, very modern boutique style seating area with a good selection. The kids were pleased to see they actually had kellogs coco pops.A very central location, very good for us but hated by the taxi drivers due to the traffic build up at peak timed. There is a metro station straight outside the shopping mall. Here you can take the train, for about 5-7 dirhams per person you can travel to areas like the mall of emirates which is close to the burj al arab and wild wadi. If you have children, the nearby Zabeel park is a must, lovely gardens and also a space centre (free entry) which will keep the kids occupied for a while. Coming back to the hotel, i would stay here again.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great for Families with Kids	We came to Dubai as part of our 10th wedding aniversary, and we decided to take the kids along with us. We also stayed at the Royal Meridien and Atlantis hotels during our stay. Jumeirah beach was the second hotel on our trip and we had high expectations having just come from the excellent Le Royal Meridien. Check InWe arrived an hour before normal check in (14:00) and were told we had to wait for a room. There are complimentary snacks and tea etc available whilst you wait. 15 minutes later we were told our room was available and we could check in. I noticed some people had been waiting considerably longer (hours) then this. I had mentioned that it was our 10th anniversary and because of this we found that we had been upgraded to the Club executive room on the 18th floor.RoomThe room was nice without being excellant and quite spacious and they had layed out an extra bed for the kids. Bathroom had a bath, seperate shower, sink, toilet and bidet and some very nice toiletries. The best thing about the room for me was the fantasic view. The windows are enourmous and you get a beautiful view of the Burj and the beach, pools etc. One downside is that we did not have a balcony to dry out wet swim suits etc. TV has lots of channels available and there is also a sofa and dressing table. Wireless Internet access is free of charge.Room ServiceWe were quite hungry when we arrived and decided to test out the room service. We found that for children under 5 all food and beverages were free. Which was fantastic as our little one (2) is very fussy at eating and for next five days we would feed him in the room free of charge before we went out for dinner. The kids meals were also of an excellent quality and reasonably priced at 40 Dhirams. Adult food is quite expensive compared to resturants outside but looks favourable compared to other hotels in the area. They also provided us with a high chair for the room which we kept throughout our stay and warm milk for him every morning and evening which was great. They even provided us with a DVD player so the kids could watch their favourite programs whilst they ate ! great service.There is a Safe, Iron etc available and we had gowns and slippers provided as well.Mineral water bottles were left in our room every day, which we found very useful due to the heat during the day.House KeepingRooms were made twice a day and my kids always looked forward to the evening chocolates that were left on our beds. They even left Milky bars for them, which they really enjoyed.They would come and clean our room after the kids had eaten and even washed the babies milk bottles for us and returned them every day.As we did not have anywhere to dry our clothes they even took our clothes to hang outside and returned them when they were dry, very nicely packaged and folded at no extra charge.A plate of fruit was provided on a daily basis which was also very nice.BreakfastWe had breakfast every day at the Latitude restaurant, which seems to offer the most variety. You can also eat at two other restaurants in the hotel. Our first day experience was very poor as we had to Queue for nearly 25 minutes before we got a table. There were clearly tables available, so I am not sure why there was such a delay. After this we ensured we came down early for breakfast and did not experience any problems. There is a very very large selection of food available at breakfast and it all is off a good standard. There is also a small kids section which was useful for us as we would feed the kids first and then send to play and then have our breakfast in peace ! The kids area also has seperate dishes made specially for kids. Wild WadiEntrance to the water park is through the hotel. Towels are provided and you can transfer cash onto your wristband for use whilst at the park, which I found very useful. The park was open till 8pm daily and we visited every day in the afternoons. The kids play area is fantastic and very stricltly supervised. which was very good to see, there are lifeguards everywhere. The main water slides in the park are excellant and highly enjoyable. You can buy food in the park which is off a good quality and very reasonably priced.Pools BeachThere are five pools at the hotel - family, kids, leisure, executive, laps. Unfortunately the kids pool was being renovated at the time so we used the family and leisure pools. Both of which were excellent and strongly supervised. The hotel has a policy that you cannot come down early and reserve a sunbed for more than 30 minutes, so we generally found places were we could sit. We also really enjoyed the free ice lollies that came around every afternoon.The beach is very clean, but was obvioulsy very hot in August, so generally was not very busy. The water is very hot, clean and also very salty. There are fantastic views of the Burj al arab from everywhere on the beach.You can also visit the Burj al Arab during specific times in the day, which is worth it just for the view from the sky view cafe ! We didn't think we could go to a better hotel after our earlier stay at the Royal Merdien, but we certainly found that Jumeirah Beach hotel matched and in some instances bettered it. We found the rooms in Royal Merdien of a much higher quality and the service was much faster. Even though the service at Jumeirah Beach was Excellant and we would definitely return to the hotel if we went back to Dubai. They really need to work on reducing the cost of the food, it is much much cheaper to eat outside the hotel. Emirates Mall is 5 minutes away by Taxi (10 dhirams) and there are loads of reasturants there at more than half the price.	
	Good old town location	We decided to stop off on our way to Cape Town with Emirates and wanted a moderately priced hotel in the old town away from the &quot;bling&quot; in other parts of Dubai. We were upgraded to a room on the 6th floor with a view of the Museum opposite (worth a visit).The room was comfortable, reasonably spacious and clean. The only slight criticism was the the Air Conditioning was a little too efficient for the modest November temperatures and the pool area a little small.Staff were personable and efficient. We always received a warm welcome from the doorman with the handlebar moustache.Overall, I would have no hesitation in recomending this hotel for a stay in Dubai.	
Nov 18 2009 	Good hotel	The hotel look is quiet good when arrival. Lobby is good classic hotel decoration, although this is not modern and grand,but i feeling that so comfortable and silent. I'm reserved the creek view room, the room decoration is old classic but clean. I'm enjoy the coffee, complimentary fruits and the creek view on my sofa, that feeling &quot;relax&quot; !! Some mistake in room is the window is quiet dusty although we can open window. it maybe need to remind hotel's house keeping!! I'm also swim in the pool, it is not big but good enough cuz not many ppls!!  In conclusion, this hotel is near Union metro station, by walk just only under 10mins, we also can get the taxi easily outside the hotel main entrance. Go to some major travellers point by taxi or metro is not very expensive. Some opinions to hotel or travellers is try to don't arrival dubai before 1200pm, because we're arrived at 0600am and really tired of our 9hrs flight, but they don't have rooms told by receptionist, let say you will paid more 25% daily room rate for early check-in, you're also need to wait until 0900am and no any suggestion to you, just only wait or leave your luggage and go outside!! The security staff always smiles and politely, but the receptionist is look smart and professional but not many smiles. Although i think this is business hotel, but always keep the smiles to every guest is important let's on 0600am, if they can always doing by heart and not only is job. I think this is a very good and really need to stay again!!	
Nov 17 2009 	Nice hotel but there are better places to stay !!!	The hotel is nice and clean and the staff try there best but they have limited english and some struggled to understand us. Regards the location it is not the best it is surrounded by Indian and Pakistani people no arabic people at all and lets just say it could be a cleaner area. It is around a 20 minute walk to the creek area where you can get a traditional water taxi which is a small wooden boat across the water to the gold and spice markets.There were call girls on the street outside the hotel at the weekend but these never caused us any bother and never approached us.There is a large super market 5 mins walk down the road that is very very good like a Asda style super market and its open 24hrs, there are also a few different shopping centres a few minutes walk away with some very good and cheap food courts in them with everything fron KFC, McDonalds and lots of little indian, chinese and pizza restaurants we used these quite a lot and had some fantastic cheap food.The rooms were very clean and spacious for the money BUT the main problem was the air conditioning system was very very noisey it sounded like every so often someone was emptying a bucket of water with ice cubes in it which would wake us up.The lifts were not the best only 2 lifts for all 24 floors and they got very busy at breakfast and other busy times of the day. The pool area was very nice and never got crowded so there was always a sunbed available. the room service was very quick and the prices very good and the food was a very good standard and plenty of it.There is a free shuttle bus to various shopping malls, beaches and other points of interest every day which leaves the hotel at 10am and picks you back up at 2pm, but taxis are very cheap and the metro line which is a 20 minute walk from the hotel was very good value it cost us around 2 each to go 1st class (gold class) and that was to the furthest point around 20 miles away to dubai marina.Overall my opinion is that the hotel is good value and very clean but the area it is in is not the best but its very easy and cheap to get a taxi to where you want to go so why pay silly money for a better location when you can stop here for a lot less, would i return yes i would but i would also check out a better location just in case there were any simular priced hotels in a better place.Dubai is far from finished and is like a huge huge building site with road works every where would i go back yes i would in about 5 years when all the diggers and cranes have moved on.	
Nov 1 2009 	Perfect Hotel for doing business in Dubai	I have been in Dubai numerous times and have to say that for the convenience and cost, the Baron is by far the best. I found the staff to be very helpful, transfers to and from the airport very reasonable and timely, and the suites are just first class all the way. I will definetely stay there the next time I am in Dubai and will recommend to my friends and colleagues.	
Nov 15 2008 	Functional but clean with freindly staff	I really enjoyed my stay at the Ramee. The positives are, very clean , friendly staff, large apartment space and a good location for Dubai Media/Internet City. I enjoyed my stay.THe negatives are, it is currently on a bit of a building site although the noise it not really a problem, and it has an expensive internet connection. Plus even though it has a gas cooker they no longer provide gas and guests have to be given an electric hot plate.Overall, I would stay there again (I spent 26 nights here).	
	unbelivable!!!!!!!!!	well were do i start????? atlantis the palm was fantastic,me and my partner went to celebrate his 30th birthday,we stayed in a imperial club suite but only got the chance to vist the imperial club lounge once as we had room service for breakfast,again this was unbelivable,food in the hotel was amazing,rooms were lovely,beach spotlesly clean,pool fabulous!!!,Aqua adventure was brilliant we cant wait to go back next year with our 2 kids would reccomend this hotel to EVERYONE!!!!! we loved it and cany wait to go back,also try the spa its lovely treatments r to die for!!!!!!!!!!!!! xxx	
Oct 5 2009 	Good Hotel for a Short Break	Stayed at the Hotel for 8 Nights nice big room big bath as well 32&quot; tv, high speed internet in the room not wireless though cable only.not much of a mini bar but it is a dry hotel. Not a great choice for breakfast but does the job if you want a simple breakfastthe location is not the best 5 minutes from the Deira City Centre Mall which has a wide selection of shops. Problems with taxis being able to find the hotel as there is another one of the same name. But is the suites instead and the hotel is down a quite road out of the way.Nice pool on the roof not busy at all carparking in the basement if you hire a car out.Only problems with the hotel was unstanding each other and on checking out tryed to charge us for breakfast when it was included due to another guest putting breakfast on are room but was corrected when the signature put down for breakfast did not mach mine and the name was not correct on the room. All in all had a great time and would go back to the hotel next time am in Dubai.	
Sep 30 2009 	Decent hotel would stay again	I was quite worried after reading some of the reviews on this site as I'd already booked the hotel but please dont be put off. I am a 26 year old female and I stayed here with my mum and Gran and we really enjoyed our stay. Room - was large and clean, bed was massive, queen size I think. The room was a double supreme, and they were going to put in a another single bed but the bed was more than large enough for three. Nice big flat screen TV with a range of satellite channels. Plenty of cupboard space. Breakfast - there is a good spread of food, they always have English fry up items, an Indian option (alloo puri, dosa etc) American pancakes and then your usual cold items - cereals, toast, croissants, pastries. Location - If you are going to Dubai and you are wanting to be close to Meena Bazaar than this place is for you. It is practically across the road and we went every day. The creek was fairly close too, you could walk there through Meena Bazaar in about 15-20 mins. There are small malls and amenities all around the hotel. McDs and KFC opposite and plenty of other eateries open till early hours of the morning. General  As some other have mentioned, this hotel does mainly cater for Asians as it is Indian owned and run. The club is a little loud and so I am glad we requested a room on a higher floor. We were on the 5th floor and the disco did not disturb us. The swimming pool is a little abandoned and looks rarely used  not very inviting. The beauty salon is expensive, but they are very good. My mum had a full body massage and said it was well worth the money. This is not a top class hotel but I wouldnt class it as a budget hotel either  we had a very comfortable stay. On the last day we ordered room service  meal for 3 came to around 15...bargain for a hotel and portions were very good. I would stay at this hotel again and also recommend it to family and friends.	
May 21 2009 	Adequate if you need to be at Dubai Knowledge Village	In a city of over the top hotels with excellent service for high rates - the Tulip Inn has none of the above. Rooms are large, have OK furnishings, free broadband [rare at even the most expensive Dubai hotels] and a nice TV with lots of channels. Room service is edible and reasonably priced - unimpressive. Front desk staff is OK - however the really memorable piece of it all is that the lobby is shared with a local medical clinic - should you fall ill, help is near at hand :)Extremely convenient if you have business at Dubai Knowledge Village - it is inside DKV and an easy walk to any DKV building.	
Nov 14 2009 	Smaller that what you imagine !	The hotel is very small 4 star hotel.it is like a small house rather than a 4 star hotel.- hotel personnel were polite- no sleeper for bathroom.- good food.- bad place , (dirty part of deira)- terrible disco- expensive internet price	
Nov 16 2009 	Lacks Soul	Large comfortable rooms but designed for recreational rather than business use - lighting could be better. Colleague had internet problems in room and had to use business centre - not convenient. Dining options very limited so ate elsewhere. Friendly desk/bell staff and good value for money but somehow cannot see myself staying there again. There was no buzz at all.	
	great hotel friendly staff great location	I stayed in the Taj Palace and enjoyed it very much. The staff are so friendly from the moment we arrived till the the moment we left.The rooms are huge service great the breakfast fabulous,swiiming pool good size with very helpful pool attendants,The hotel is near many small restaurants and 5 minutes walk to the Metro.I would recommend this hotel to my friends and I would stay there when next I am in Dubai	
	Cheap and cheerful - very nice staff	The hotel is in a good location for downtown Deira, but many taxi drivers have not heard of it because it is small. The rooms are small but clean. The breakfast buffet is a limited choice but it is okay and changes daily. The metro station to the other side of the creek (Bur Dubai) is only 2 minutes walk - the Rigga road.	
Nov 15 2009 	Very good value nice clean rooms friendly staff but a bit hard to find.	I stayed at the Najd for 4 nights, Nov 09, in a double room apartment, which was really comfortable with a nice bedroom, toilet/washroom, lounge area and a well equipped kitchen. Traditional furnishings throughout the hotel which are bright, clean and pleasant. Roof top pool is good, although only 4 loungers and mostly construction views. Nice gym too. Staff are really nice and helpful. I paid 65 a night, incl breakfast, which I thought was really good value for Dubai. It would have been same price even for 2 people. A couple of times I asked for bottled water and there was no charge.There is a little supermarket, turn right out of hotel and about 150 yds on left had side.The only downsides (and they weren't showstoppers) were: 1) the huge amount of contsruction going on around the hotel, 2) apart from Mall of Emirates, there wasn't much within walking distance to do or see, 3) taxis don't know where the hotel is and keep getting lost - on this point, make sure and get a location map from the hotel to show taxi drivers. Things that were good in Dubai:1. the Atlantis Hotel, especially the Aquaventure Waterpark (and try the new monorail - you can get on at the Atlantis and do a return journey over the 3 stops, which allows you to see the hotel from a great angle on the return journey - takes about 45mins all in.2. Mall of The Emirates - if you like shopping3. Trader Vics , restuarant at the Madinat Jumeriah ( a marina, Souk and food place all in one - really nice)4. La Veranda restauarnt in grounds of Palm Jumeriah hotel. Just walk through hotel lobby and out back.	
Nov 26 2009 	Excellent selection for business travelers in internet/media city	This hotel offers outstanding value for money and great location for business travelers in Dubai internet/media city. The Mall of Emirates is also close for some shopping. Room (superior double), was very spacious and clean. Full size bathtub and branded amenities . Breakfast was also 5stars! The factor that I value most in a hotel is how comfy is the bed. If you are in a long day with meetings, a relaxing bath and a comfy bed can make you forget all the minor drawbacks in services. Actually, it was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever used in all my trips ( ...my number 1 is still the &quot;nest&quot; concept of Sofitel). Minor findings: constuction around hotel but disturbance is only visual, pool was closed, in-room dining menu was missing, a letter saying that internet was complimentary but you were actually charged, no-one asked me for a deposit when cheched-in and I had the hassle of back &amp; forths to pay cash instantly for all extras, when I checked out some extra's were not promptly registered in their system... I could have left without paying them ... but I am sure that a junior staff would be accused for negligence when found out. In brief: These minor issues are only suggestions for improvement. Superb hotel that I will choose again in my next trip.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great Location Brand New	We chose this hotel as it was one of the only hotels with rooms that would accommodate 3 people (when looking on the internet) near the Mall of Emirates. We where visiting family, so we chose this location to be close to them, but even if they weren't there I would recommend it. Its close to the Mall of Emirates, and easy to get transport via taxi or the metro. Being almost brand new, it was clean, and ultra modern. The girl on reception (who was the supervisor) while we where there was more than helpful. The only problem we had was that we asked them to bring up more towels (for the 3rd person) and they didnt, so we had to ask them again. But other than that, it was great. Free internet was a nice surprise and we went to the Ibis for their drink specials each night.	
Sep 2 2009 	Shocking Service - It's gone downhill	This is my 4th stay at this Hotel over the last 18 months. When it was The Chelsea it offered good value for money. Since it's take over the service ( Reception, managment and some restaurants) has gone downhill dramatically. The reception staff are just rude and unhelful. It took 5 phone calls and 3 hours to get a cable to use the internet. Drinks and food have soared in price, ( we eat more chaply at the 5* Radisson ). The only good part is the indian restaurant where food and service are excellent.	
Nov 14 2009 	Good proximity to old Dubai but watch the cigarette smoke	In case people are confused, the Ascot Hotel and Royal Ascot Hotel and right next to each other and share some common facilities (e.g. basement parking, swimming pool, fitness center). I stayed at the Ascot Hotel, the Royal Ascot is more expensive and I don't know what you got for the extra money.It was close to old Dubai, you had to cross Khalid Bin Waleed street and you were there. There's a free breakfast buffet and it's extensive - all the way from fresh fruit and smoked salmon to sausage, made to order omelettes and even an Indian curry.The free parking is appreciated since it's difficult to find parking in that part of town. If you're willing to go the public route instead, there are bus stops right outside the hotel and you're about 1km from the Metro Stop (subway). There will be a stop that's even closer but it's currently under construction.The rooms were fine. There was about a 30 inch flat screen tv and plenty of tv channels with programming in English, Arabic, Hindi, French, etc. There's an in-room safe but because there's a shelf, I couldn't fit my 15&quot; laptop diagonally. But I didn't notice anything missing.I ate at the Thai restaurant and I thought the food was pretty good. I had a pad thai type dish and a salad.I had two gripes - paid wifi access and cigarette smoke. The hotel charges 60 dirhams a day for WiFi access. The speeds are pretty good but there are others in the vicinity that offer it for free.I thought the cigarette smoke was the bigger issue. There's a bar (Waxy O'Connors) on the premises and one entrance to the bar is through a corridor in the hotel room area on the 1st floor (2nd floor if you're American). I think the smoke must come from there. The smoke seeps in every where and I think they use air freshener to cover the smell. That's the only reason I don't recommend this hotel. There are several hotels about a block from this hotel - Dor El Sandos, Ramee, etc.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great size clean and comfortable - does what is says on the tin	We stayed for two nights at the Sapphire Hotel apartments at the end of March. The apartments themeselves were perfectly adequeate. We had a one bedroom apartment which was very spacious and larger than we expected. Despite booking for 3 adults on Expedia, they did try to charge us an extra 100DM for a spare bed to be in the room but we argued against it and they gave it to us in the end (as we had clearly booked for 3 adults) - they said this was a common problem when booking through Expedia! Despite this the service was friendly and they even gave us some headache tablets which was very kind of them. The pool on the 11th floor is great. Has great views of Dubai, perfect temperature and complimentary towels. It's fairly small so not enough sun loungers for everyone (but then there are so many gorgeous beaches in Dubai anyway).It's true what a previous reviewer said about the taxi's as they can never seem to find this place. Luckily we were with a friend who knew Dubai well so was able to explain the location to the taxi driver. Luckily the taxi services in Dubai are top notch and fairly cheap.The location of the hotel is OK...everywhere is roads, roads and more roads in Dubai so don't expect to be able to walk everywhere. It was a quick taxi journey to most places. It is in the middle of a construction site (as are most hotels in Dubai at the moment) so do expect some noise from the machinery and workers...take ear plugs!We went to Bar Barista one night which was one of the best bars I've been too. It has a relaxed chilled atmospehere with great seats, right on the beach, They had live music and a chill out area. The food was fairly priced and tasted amazing. I would highly recommend this bar (part of La Meridian hotel).We also went clubbing to a place called 'Chi' at 'The Lodge' which was a club with 4 separate rooms each playing different music (RnB, Cheese, Dance and Rock). This club was brilliant and again had a great atmosphere. Was very clean and there were always people around as soon as a drink was spilt or a toilet used...I've never been to a club that has such attentative staff! Drinks were pricey though (about 23 for 3 vodkas and mixers). Well worth going if you fancy a boogie!!Overall the stay was great, however Dubai is still such a massive construction site that I would probably wait a few years to go back. It's just so dusty and noisy in so many places that you would probably struggle to find a decent priced hotel that wasn't in the middle of a building site. Heaven knows who is going to stay in all the hundreds of hotels that are currently being constructed...reckon prices will be cheap due to lack of demand and over supply!!	
	Great Value for money	Clean and spacious rooms, Service was good however absolutely necessary I recommend that you eat outside.It is not very well known, it is centrally located for Dubai tourist points.Be sure to ask the address or take a road map, so that Taxi can take you wihtout any hassels..	
Aug 25 2009 	I like this hotelGood Food Clean But Not Located in Great Area.	i like:1. Rooms2. Foods ( HB. Break Fast &amp; Lunch ) The Foods Were Iranian.3. Staffs4. View Of Hotel.5. Clean6. Cheap &amp; Good Rate7. I will Back to This Hotel For Next timeDislikes:1. Not Located in Great Area. 2. Noisy Night Clubs ( We had Room in Upstairs But You Can Hear Night Clubs Sounds. ).	
	Reasonable Hotel at a reasonable price.	The hotel never replied to our emails about airport shuttle service or early check-in.By luck we found the hotel shuttle. On check-in we were told of the extra charge for early check-in. Not many taxis could find the hotel.	
Jan 14 2008 	Average hotel apartment experience	Stayed for about a week in this hotel in an Executive Panorama suite. The location is good and the staff try to provide an okay service. The rate is quite attractive compared to many other places in Dubai, which is a city mainly populated by four and five star hotels and resorts. The breakfast is not very interesting, and the the rooms and facilities seem a little run down. The apartment facilities are nice to have if you like a cup of coffee in your room or travel with small children.	
	Amazing!	Just stayed at Raffles for 3 nights and didn't want to leave! We had a lovely room with sofa area and balcony and althought we could see the highway, we couldn't hear a thing! Pool are was lovely and again, road noise did not affect us at all. Nice touches were the Reception staff who had chekced us in, calling us by Mr &amp; Mrs Sh....h everytime they saw us - now that did impress.....we didn't actually eat in the restaurents, but had sushi, shisha and cocktails one evening in the Cocktail Bar and it was a lovely chilled, relaxed atmosphere - the Bar Tender made some of the best cocktails i have ever tasted and when we were too late in getting the camera ready for a photo of a 'flaming' one - he ust went and got more alcohol and did again for us, at no extra charge.. and the cocktails were no more expensive tahn anywhere else in Dubai.... Only one tiny thing spoiled stay for us and that was trying tp print off boarding passes in the Business Lounge - 2 hours later and my husband was still trying - not really what you exepct from Hotel of this calibre... but it certainly wouldn't stop us staying again... oh and afternoon tea!!!! Amazing!1 One between 2 more than enough! We loves our stay and hopefully will be able to stay again one day.....	
	Great Hotel	We stayed in the Westin during November 09 for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon to also Cape Town and Mauritius. We arrived 8am in the morning, and the check in staff were very polite and fast. The room, as expected was not ready that early, but they advised that we could leave our bags and take breakfast or relax by the pool and they would call my mobile when ready, which they did a few hours later.The room was huge, modern, with a great view of the palm and the Atlantis Hotel, and the bathroom was the size of our bedroom at home!The only restaurant we used in the hotel was the Blue &amp; Orange for the buffet breakfast, which even though it was quite expensive (20pp if you dont have B&amp;B deal) it was the best variety of any breakfast I have ever seen by a mile! Everything you could imagine from all over the globe, you could eat Sushi or curry if you fancied.The hotel location is very good, right on the beach, and close to the palm and also the 'Walk' near the Dubai Marina, where loads of reasonably priced restaurants can be found.The pool and beach area is brilliant. The area is kept extremely clean, and there are lots of life guards on duty at all times. There are always plenty of sun beds available both near the pool and on the beach, and bar staff are always on hand to get you drinks if needed.The hotel itself is very plush and impressive and all the staff we met were always very attentive and nice. One nice touch, which you wouldnt really expect from such a large hotel, was when the Blue &amp; Orange manager (Hansen I think his name was) asked our names on the 1st day during breakfast and remembered my name when we saw him the next day and asked after my wife, remembering her name also. Little things like this help to make this hotel and our stay so great.I would also def recommend a day at the Aquaventure water park at the Atlantis hotel while you are there, very good fun!Overall - Hotel Service 9/10, Hotel Facilities 9/10, Hotel Location 8/10, Beach 8/10, Pool 9/10, Restaurants 9/10	
Jun 4 2009 	If you want to be looked after stay here.	The staff were wonderful and the service I received at this hotel was excellent. Nothing was too much trouble and there was always a friendly smile and a hello. I stayed in a one bedroom apartment on the Privilege Floor. It was certainly worth it.	
	Zum relaxen - na ja	Did it not so via the internet with direct bookings ... almost 1 hours needed to find our reservation, but the money was already charged for the room reservation. Even otherwise, the service ran to be desired. Beautiful, however, was the birthday cake in the room.Conclusion: Price - Performance does not correspond to 100%If, however, relatively central location - near clock tower - and for 1 to 2 days, it is okimpertinent: 2 hr internet 10 euros for the whole day and 20 euros in modern times. But theres right next door to a small restaurant with internet for 3 euros / 2 hours and you cold have as much coffee as you like ;-)	
Jun 15 2009 	Conveniently Located Savoy	Savoy Park apartments is very conveniently located in the business district of Dubai. But the problem is there are three Savoy properties close to each other and creates confusion not only amongst visitors but also among taxi drivers.But the hotel is very neat and clean and the staff are very courteous and informative.The rooms are good sized and have all essential amenities.The resturant is conveniently located and the fare is reasonably good. On the whole a good hotel	
	My Clients say hotel is excellent at an excellent price	I suggested this hotel based on the reviews below and low &quot;greatrates and lategetaway&quot; rates at this hotel. My clients stayed for one night as they did not know what it would be like. Once they arrived they called and re-booked. They have been staying at the hotel for over 2 weeks now and highly recommend. The staff and service has been excellent. Even contacting them from the US has been very easy and they have provided quick and excellent communication. I would highly recommend this hotel for business or leisure. Rates also include breakfast which is a plus as well.	
Jun 11 2009 	Excellent and Near the Airport	I have stayed at this hotel a few times and recently on 5th May, 2009. I find it luxurious and well annointed. There are large number of rooms to choose from and a food court in the lobby of the hotel provides ample food options.	
Nov 1 2009	All good.	I would definitely stay there again. Breakfast was awesome! (only thing missing was nutella :P ). Room in excellent condition, all working good, people very polite, extremely clean. Nice bars and cafes inside the hotel. Very pleasant to be there.Only one thing as a negative; wireless internet was not free in the room, but it was free in the lobby and the receptionist did not inform us at all about the free wifi. I am not aware about the price of the room, cause we went as a group and had an amazing price for our whole trip!	
	Fantastic place!	We only stayed in this hotel for one night, but the experience was amazing. As other travellers, we arrived at 7am, but were offered drinks and complimentary breakfast and we could check into our room at 10am. The hotel is very spacious and with great facilities: spa, beach, swimming pools, restaurants. It is a shame we did not have enough time to enjoy it all.Location is great, very close to bars and restaurants, but at the same time steps from the beach. Our room was very big, with a great view over the sea from the balcony. Very clean and modern.Breakfast was fantastic and would suit any diet.If I am ever back in Dubai, I would stay there again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Decent stay	Accompanied husband on his business trip and stayed at The Radisson Residence on Dubai Marina for 7 nights. Upon check-in, we were kindly upgraded from a studio to a one-bedroom apartment which was really nice for a week-long trip. The room interior is generally modern with 2 LCDs and comfortable sofa and chairs. The room temperature was perfect for a boiling day as well as throughout the night. The kitchen area was handy as we prepared our own breakfast since we figured that the 70 AED hotel breakfast was not worth it. The bathroom was fine, floor always got a little wet and messy though after shower and there wasn't much space around the sink for me to lay my bottles. Internet was complimentary throughout the stay but connection was rather on a slow side. We had mixed feelings about service here. Some staff were extremely friendly and helpful but some other times, we were served by some very cold and pretentious ones. When I asked for directions, they simply said &quot;we don't know&quot; and when I wanted to find out about something, they just gave me a phone to dial myself and said &quot;sorry we're busy&quot;. I found that totally unacceptable and not something I would expect in a hotel of this class. Other than that, I particularly liked the shuttle bus service provided by the hotel so I can hop on and off the malls, although the pick up time wasn't terribly convenient. For a serviced apartment standard, the Radisson certainly lived up to my expectation. Facilities wise, nothing to write home about - tiny pool and gym areas for ladies and there was only one Thai restaurant in a whole building. Marina walk does provide plenty of eateries, so we weren't out of choice. If you want somewhere to stay near the Internet City, Media City, Marina and not fussed about facilities and service, this is a suitable accommodation. However, if you are after a full-scale beach holiday with four or five restaurants and gigantic outdoor pool, this is definitely not a place to book. With an upgrade, we had quite a value for money stay.	
Aug 26 2009 	Convenient and that's about it	As I was landing early in the morning from Sydney in transit for 36hrs, I had booked two nights directly with the hotel - numerous emails to/from confirming everything was OK, and yes they understood I was landing around 5am and would require my room (night 1) immediately. Upon arrival at the hotel around 5am, I was told sorry there are no rooms available adn you'll have to wait in the lobby for 3-5hrs before room becomes available. I had a hissy fit, after 14hr flight!! and insisted on speaking to the hotel manager. I explained I had expressly booked and was happy to pay for two nights to avoid this very issue and where was my room?? He eventually &quot;found&quot; me a room about 45 mins later, after saying I could wait in the cafe, but hey, it's closed as it's too early and you can't even get a cold drink!. After about an hour in the room I realised the aircon wasn't working. Time to call an engineer in.......yawn.After all this stuffing about, about the most positive thing I can say about this hotel is it is conveniently located close to the airport and has direct access into the shopping mall if you need to while away a few hours in aircon. But that's about it. I won't be going back for seconds.	
Nov 22 2009 	The worst service ever!!!!!	This Friday November 20-th I have visited my friends who still stay there at Dar Al Maseyaf Guld House and Al Qasr. The day there was a Global Summit. so the security was agitated, but that is OK, I undertsand. But when i was not allowed to go to the beach under the pretexte that only one person stays in this villa and he is already on the beach, I tried to explain that the guy is in the room, his wife is on the beach waiting for me and she informed reception thta she expects a visitor, the guy at the beach reception was particularly rude, he said-nit allowed and that is it.I asked for Manager.First manager also gave the same report. I said-you are given all those lists with gusets names- with which purpose? if you are not sure, just check. The rude one was telling there was no need to check. I said that I would complain, he glared at me and said- as you wish.Finally the second guy found the villa number, called my friend's husband and got the confirmation. I was allowed to go and Nobody apologized...Do you think you are charging your guests to be humiliated? And then on the beacj we ordered a bottle of wine and srawberries. $0 minites after we got the wine but no strawberries-later the waiter told us. Strawberries appeared when the wine was finished. We ordered another bottle, it ttok them more than a n hour when we were going to leave. The waiter apologizedbut told that no wine was available a t the bar so he had to go to the main restaurant. Excuse me, it is our problem???? Why do not keep the bars stocked??? Why do not serve faster???And by the way, the waiter could not open the bottle, we had to help him and open it ourself... I think the management has to pay back the guests the price they charge,the hotel is beautiful, but the service is unbelievably bad.	
Nov 21 2009 	Simply superb in every aspect !!	From the moment we landed on UAE soil, we were treated like royalty. We were swiftly taken past immigration and driven in a (complimentary) limousine to the hotel. Even arriving several hours before the official check-in time, we got our gigantic club executive room within 2 minutes.From then on we were ALWAYS received with a smile and a helping hand, from any of the staff members, who seem to now you all by name within a day.If you have high standards regarding service and quality, be sure that this hotel, and its staff, will actually go the extra mile and beyond your every expectation.Tip: take one of the executive club rooms, with access to the executive lounge, with its compimentary breakfast, light lunch and dinner appetizers. Also the room and its ammenities are topclass, and the view from the 43rd floor is absolutely unforgettable.Also the shuttlebus to the &quot;shoreside&quot; beachclub (fantastic) and the Madinat Jumeirah are great, especially to get an idea of getting your way around the first couple of days.Conclusion: I shall be a very happy person if I ever get the chance to stay at the Emirates Towers again in future.	
	Greatest hotel I've stayed so far	it was the greatest hotel I stayed for business... great spacious &amp; well furnished rooms, great rain shower which was my favourite, very courteous &amp; helpful staff good location	
	great hotel lovely view from your bedroom	I stayed in this hotel in May with friends,The staf were all nice and very polite,the swimming pool was lovely but to get the afternoon sun you have to move around.The breakfast was lovely ,the bar was dull there was the same live group on every night.The hotel was in walking distance to the souks and the creek was accross the road from the hotel .There was a great variety of shops close by but to go to the big shopping malls you would need too get a taxi which are very cheap. i would recommend this hotel to my family or friends	
Jun 9 2009 	nice experience if you are on a tight budget	it was great, although the taxi driver could not find it at first. helpful staff, i had a very nice room and fair breakfast. Was fascinated at what $70 could get me. the bathroom was clean although the hot water did not last for long, and it was 10 degrees celsius in january.	
Aug 18 2009 	not recommended	i live in uae abu dhabi, but every week end i am staying hotels in dubai. but stay in palm beach hotel was really horrible. hotel staff were friendly and indian resturents is really good. but room was poor quality with bad smell. they give two single bed for love birds, god know how i managed to get with two single beds. a/c was making loudnoise like gererators and bathroom was not up to a 3 star catogory. its nice loation but no resturents near by hotel.	
Aug 8 2009 	"Only if you have to"	Transiting from kuwait to mauritius via dubai, i had about 20 hours to kill. I accepted the advice of airport staff to stay at this hotel. But regrettably it was disappointing experience.As a solo traveller, i found the room old and smelly.The bathroom was cramped and not working.The staff of the discotecque after i had my dinner asked me to order more drinks to continue stay at the club while awaiting my transport to airport. (complained later to management)...My only good points about the hotel is they allow early moring check-in and location of the hotel in the heart of the city.	
Jan 4 2009 	Yukh absulutely no go Hotel.AmarjitLondon	This hotel id definitely a no go area.Customer service with smile does not exist in their vocabulary.The bathrooms are very dirty and showers are ancient.The water only treacles from all the taps.Not only this but do not get fooled by their hot breakfast service.It is absolutely rubbish.They only have two types of breakfast which are monotonous every other day.The hotel overall is very sub standard and dirty.It is situated in a very overcrowded/noisey area of Dubai.Nobody is willing to listen to your complaint.The receptionist told us to speak to the manager who happened to be in the lobby.The manager was very rude not willing to listen but kindly advised to complain on the internet as the sorce of our booking.The patio doors did not open.The curtains were absolutely heavy with grime.All the beddings smell of mould.I do not understand that if there are any health officers in Dubai,allowing such a sub standard business to continue.All the members of staff are very miserable and have no smiles on their faces.Absolutely non reputable hotel to stay in any circumstances	
	Best 3 star I've ever seen	This hotel was recommended by friends and it certainly did not disappoint. We upgraded to the executive package for a very nominal fee and it was well worth it. The early and late check in/out gave us a non rushed last day and the complimentary appies and wine in the upper lounge, every evening, were fantastic , not to mention our balcony with table and chairs. All staff were polite and attentive and the breakfast buffet , included , was ample and non rushed.  A daily fresh fruit basket, the morning newspaper and cozy robes and slippers made the room most comfortable.  The hotel is not in the downtown area but a frequent shuttle to the WAFI center drops you right at the Hop on Hop off bus stop. No better way to see Dubai. You stay comes with discount coupons and a multi merchant discount card.  Free WIFI with the upgrade as well.  The only negative I can mention is , we asked and got a non smoking room but it seems that the smokers get the upper floors with the better views ! But every floor had a reading room so pictures from the 7 th floor were not a problem.	
	Early Check-in Nightmare	We had booked 4 nights with Expedia which provided a better rate (~C$136) than Novotel's own website. My wife and I arrived at the hotel around 3:30 am on a Sat. The hotel was not full and our room was available. The receptionist wanted to charge 50% of rack rate for early check-in. I explained that this is a normal courtesy extended by other competitors in the same class. The night supervisor came around and raised the price to 100% rack rate for check-in immediately and 50% rack at 5 am. I asked for the Duty Manager. Much to my shock, Mr. Said raised the price further to 100% rack for check-in immediately, 50% rack at 8 am or checkin at regular time Noon. This is &quot;Souk&quot; bargaining at its worst with sleep deprived travelers who had no other options. We ended up hanging around the lobby from 3:30 to 5 am, and paid 260 AED &quot;ransom&quot; to get into our room early.If I had known this before, I would not have booked this hotel, as there were many others to choose from. So unless you are prepared to pay the premium for early check in or late checkout (see other postings), be forewarned.	
Sep 27 2009 	I would not recommend	I got an offer through booking.com 1080 AED for 4 nights which make the first negative impression of the reception, and I asked them thaat I would like to get the same ofer for my uncle if possible otherwise I will look for any other alternative, they accept hardly..then I told them that I want to stay one more night with the same rate if possible, firstly they accepted (reception's night shift ), on the other day they refused (day shift) and I told them that the other colleagues accepted the request, then they became upset and begajn to think about an idea to accept without loosing money( his name is Richard), so they manipulated with the rates and added 110 AED to the last night. ZIQO is another Hotel against chealsi would be better..	
May 4 2009 	Good for all	It is centrally located, good spaciousrooms with all amenities.	
	Good hotel for the price	I was at this hotel very recently in november and had a great experience.. The hotel apartment is very well located with the BurJuman Mall hardly about 5 mins walking distance.. The rooms are huge and very good with a PLASMA TV and all kitchen accessories.. It has a swimming pool too that too on the roof top which I dint expect to be..The hotel staff is extremely helpful and they make sure that you have a great stay.. Kudos to the staff..The only negative point of this is that there is no restaurant within the hotel apartment.. Being a hotel apartment, its not expected to have a restaurant but it wud have been excellent if even a small basic restaurant wud have been there..But despite that.. A GREAT PLACE to stay when in Dubai..	
	Awfull Service with untrained reception staff	The reception staff of Sheraton Jumeirah Beach in Dubai is very unfriendly, they are unable to provide the level of service you expect. Don't forget to have minimum three times a written cancelelation confirmation, otherwise you have to pay for the mistake of untrained reception staff. There are other hotels with better service and perfect hospitality. I don't recommend this hotel at all. This was my worst experience i made ever with hotels in Dubai and i was many times in Dubai.	
Nov 23 2009 	4 days stay	splendid view, excellent service, courteous staff, super clean room &amp; sparkling bathroom with all amenities.	
Sep 2 2009 	Average at best	First bad impression was at the airport. At Le Meridien's desk I was told transport to the hotel is free, and then charged AED50 at checkout. Do yourself a favour and take a metered taxi.Also at checkout, the reception would not call a metered taxi, and instead a driver was summoned that would only go to the airport at a set rate.There is a shuttle to Deira City Centre mall, but it only runs until 8pm, and takes over 45 minutes to come back to the hotel from the mall. You cannot get across the busy main road another way.The rooms itself were ok, but nothing special. Everything in the hotel is vastly overpriced, from the $6 can of coke in the minibar down to the restaurant. All the staff I encountered seemed very disinterested.After staying at the much cheaper Le Meridien Apartments in Bur Dubai previous week, this hotel was a let downThere are far better hotels at this comfort range in Dubai for a better price.	
Nov 19 2009 	The staff here know nothing about service!!!!	We landed in Dubai at around 2.00am from Nairobi and after waiting for our priority baggage for an hour we finally cleared immigration and customs and got a cab to the Marco Polo. We arrived just after 4.00am gave them our voucher and waited for our room allocation and key. The gentleman, and I use the word loosely, said you can't check in until 2.00pm. I said I am only here for 16 hours so what is the issue. He said your voucher says todays date and that I could still not check in until 2.00pm. I asked him what the occupancy rate was and he said about 50%. I suggested he use his commonsense and allocate us a room as we had been travelling all day and just wanted to sleep and we would not be using the breakfast voucher as would be sleeping through. He became agitated and said this was not possible and that we would have to pay another 550 Dirhams (approx AUD$200) or we would have to go away and come back at 2.00pm! This was supposed to be a 4star hotel and I again suggested he show some sensible management skills but this guy had absolutely no flexibility so I was forced to pay the extra money or have nowhere to stay.The room was very basic with none of the plumbing fixtures fitting or covering the holes in the wall, a great place for vermin to live and breed. The bathroom had been poorly cleaned and the room had a fairly dank smell. Sort of stuff you might expect in a 2 star hotel or backpackers.We packed up at 8.00pm the same day and left. I went to the front counter to pay for the couple of drinks we had from the mimi bar and we were met ther by the manager who wanted to shout us a cup of tea or coffee to apologise for the inconvenience we had been put through. I told him that no amount of tea or coffee would compensate us for what had happened. I told him that we had stayed in many hotels and that his was 3rd rate and would struggle to get any more than 2.5stars anywhere in the world. I also told him that he understood nothing about service or management and that it was easy to understand where his staff got their attitudes from. I also told him that I would write a review for trip advisor and would tell everybody I know of how we had been treated.	
Feb 19 2009 	Find somewhere else this place was horrible!	Dirty, loud, I was solicited, the pool was discusting, and the workout facility not safe nor recommended to go near.I agree, if you go to Dubai, spend a bit more and live it up!	
Nov 18 2009 	Budget hotel - you get what you pay for!	This hotel is in Bur Dubai which is not a tourist area. The rooms are big and although generally clean the furniture is old and there were fingerprints around the light switches. My room had a massive king size bed and two air conditioning units. There was also a sofa with coffee table and a television which lots of channels. The bathroom was big but again with old style fittings. The nightclub downstairs can be a bit noisy. This hotel is a good choice for budget travellers on short stays.	
Apr 23 2009 	Did Concorde not go out of service....LOL!	Sorry bad gag to start...it's not that bad but for our first time in Dubai i was expecting a bit more glitz and glamour from my accomodation. This isn't the place for that but luckily we only booked two nights then had booked another 4 nights at Emirates Harbour Hotel at the Dubai marina which had a bit more glitz. My father flew in from Glasgow a day before us and his standard room 607 (i think) was just your usual 'classic' looking hotel room. The bathroom was a bit dated but the rest of the decor looked fresh and clean although he did say the bed was rock hard. We arrived from Brissie refreshed (i love it when you get upgraded!!!) and we then moved into 9902, a 2 bed apartment which was an interesting mix with fake renaissance style furnishings and dodgy 1980's bathrooms. The apartment was big but the bedrooms were average size with only one ensuite. The kitchen had all the essentials but was grubby with broken and missing crockery and glasses. (Free) Breakfast is basic but ok and enough to keep you going. We ate in the restaurant one night which was like a ghost town, which is weird considering its packed in the morning. It was nothing special and the service was poor and slow seeing as we were the only people in there.We stayed here to experience the creek and souks but it was just in the middle of nothing with office blocks and some other hotels. A huge highway had to be negotiated to try and get to the creek so overall i feel the location is poor but at least the taxis are cheap. The Dubai City Centre Mall was 7dhms in a taxi (min fare is 10dhms) and we done the Big-Bus tour from there over 2 days. Its just a 'local' mall by Dubai standards but good enough for a short shopping trip. There's also a free shuttle bus back from the City Centre Mall which drops you near the footbridge and 24hr supermarket located just across the road from the hotel (and just up the road from the Big clock water tower thing). The supermarket was cheap as well for soft drinks, snacks etc.The pool was ok but it was empty (like the sauna and steam room which i had to switch on). The gym is split into two sides which i didn't find out about till day 2 thinking until then that it was weights and no cardio euqipment! Small and tired looking equipment but enough for a quick session.Overall it scrapes a 3-star rating for me but i know why concorde was put out of service...great in its day but now tired and ready for the makeover/scrap heap. Good place for a kip for a few nights but thats about it.	
Nov 12 2009 	Clean and comfortable	My wife and I needed somewhere reasonably priced and last minute when we were staying in Dubai for the weekend. Walked in and they offered a reasonable rate. The rooms were a good size and clean, the staff were very polite. If I have to stay in a Dubai hotel again, I'll definately look at this place.	
Apr 22 2009 	Good hotel in great location.	If you are looking to get the real Dubai experience and not a beach resort holiday Landmark plaza is in a excellent location. The hotel provides a good service with clean and spacious rooms. Make sure you get a room with a balcony to experience the beauty of Al Nasser Square. The hotel is just minutes from the bazaars and souks as well as the water front. Taking a cab to and from the airport cost about 30 dirhams and geting to Jumeriah beach cost roughly the same. Diera city centre is a quick 5 minute cab ride costing 5-7 dirhams. Eatting around the hotel is very diverse with plenty of local cheap food (shawarmas) and a McDonalds across the street. The hotel offers air conditioning, fridge with refreshments, tv, tourist information, breakfast and ironing facilities.	
Nov 9 2009 	clean and comfortable	comfortable hotel and also cleankind reception but not much informativenice view at the roof restaurantsbut do not expect a big swimming poolwe were ok with the hotel location toocause in Dubai usually tourists take taxisince there is limited metro stations	
Nov 18 2009 	Fabulous Fairmont in Dubai	The Fairmont delivers again in Dubai with great service, room quality and overall experience. From the check-in to the check-out - the hotel and the staff delivered an excellent stay. I think that it helped that I was a Fairmont President's Club Member (which is free - so sign up before you go). The room was modern, plush, clean, spacious and well organized. The location is best for business travelers because of proximity to convention center, but cabs are cheap and the have shuttles to all of the malls. The restaraunts are great. A lot of variety. The Cigar &amp; Wine Bar is fun and great for people watching. There is a really upscale nightclub in the building which is operated by another management - major cover charge. I would go back in a heart beat.	
	Highly Recommend this Hotel	After 30 hours travelling from Taiwan we arrived at 6.30am (!) - check in time we realised was 2pm BUT by 8.30 - after a magnificent breakfast -our suite had been cleaned and was ready for us. Where to start:- staff - magnificent - always obliging and every member of staff,when passing you on foot or golf buggies, would take the trouble to wish you the time of day. Breakfast was superb with everything you could possibly want - my wife loves fruit for breakfast and pronounced this hotel the best she's stayed in from that aspect - and we've stayed in a few top class ones believe me !! We had arranged to meet some friends in Dubai itself - so cars laid on as requested to get into Dubai - 40 mins away - great drivers - polite - great cars too - one day we had a a BMW 7 Series to take us to the golf !! Beach was awesome - after day one John our beach man had our beds ready for us in the appointed place. Sea calm - beach clean - not too much building work at all. Hotel is pricey but well worth it. A definite re-visit for us.	
	Good space and location for a budget accommodation but staff is pretty much useless	I stayed at the Golden Sands 3 in a 2 room studio (1 bedroom, 1 bed in an L-shaped studio, 2 bathrooms) from November 23rd to 30th. I was able to get in on a deal that cost us &lt;$100 per night for my room. I took a regular Dubai Taxi to get to the Golden Sands 3 with no problems getting to the correct building.Checked in, but had to wait an hour before our room was ready (we arrived before the normal check-in time). The apartment itself was spacious, clean, plenty of closet space. As others have noted, it included a cook-top, microwave, refrigerator, and washer/dryer. They also gave us 1 bottle of water as well as daily coffee (instant, but ok) and tea packets. The housekeeping staff took care of all clean up of utensils and cookware, which was a nice touch, as well as replacing towels and general tidying of the apartment. Internet access at the cafe worked well after I set my wireless modem to be on 802.11g mode only -- if you don't do this, you will get horrendous lag and really slow speeds as it bumps you down to the slower wireless modes.The location is pretty good, being about a 15 minute walk from Bur Juman mall and Spinneys supermarket. This is a pretty grueling walk in the heat though, so during my trip, we left early in the morning and we had a route that would keep us in the shade almost the entire way. Bur Juman mall became our &quot;home base&quot; for getting a sit-down breakfast (usually at Paul's cafe by the entrance of the mall) as well as transportation (taxi stand is at the entrance, also Dubai Metro stop is on the other end of the mall).My only complaint with my stay is that the hotel front desk staff were basically useless. They couldn't recommend any places to eat around the area and they referred me to calling information over the phone or looking at the yellow pages. They paced around the front desk area look for papers to shuffle through to dodge having to deal with hotel guests. That's right, they do an incredible amount of paper shuffling for a hotel in the computer-internet age.Would I recommend this place? Yes, for either a (1) budget accommodation with good bang for the buck or (2) for someone that is not a beach person. Don't expect too much from the front desk staff and do your own homework about where to go, eat, etc. and you will be okay.	
Nov 5 2009 	Very good value for money	Frequent flyer with Emirates Airlines I usually overnight in Dubai. In the last two occasions in October I stayed with my wife and 5 year old son at the Renaissance.I found to price to be extremely competitive, half of what I usually pay at the nearby JW Marriott which is within walking distance in case one wishes to eat in the fabulous JW Steakhouse.On the 23 of October we decided to stay at their buffet restaurant Sails and we found food of good quality and reasonably priced.Common areas are a little bit outdated but still in good state and clean. Rooms are of generous size and beds are just fantastic. Those who know the Marriott Bed will find their very best version here at the Renaissance dubai.The only glitch was a missed wake up call, something my new friend Amr of reception (at his 4th day with the hotel) will hardly forget! I didn't complain but simply made concierge aware of the missed wake up call upon check out. Two days later I received a personal email of apologies and 2,000 bonus points on my Marriott Rewards account. Last, but not least, the hotel location. It is within 10 minutes by taxi from the airport, another plus for those travelers like me who stay overnight in Dubai to break intercontinental flights.	
Nov 24 2009 	cheap and cheerful	Went with a little trepidation having read reviews.......Service was good right from arrival.Staff helpful throughout.Had a prob with aircon so they upgraded us.Lets be clear here...some of my pals were paying more in Jumeira for one night than I paid for six here! It is fairly basic,but more than adequate as a base.	
Nov 11 2009 	Exllent Hotel Of Dubai	The staff ( Naveed Anwar ) very friendly, clean room and luxury service.	
Apr 18 2007 	good clean hotel	myself and my husband booked this hotel through Expedia. we knew it was self-catering proior to booking it. On arrival, there were 2 supermarkets literally across the road so it made it easy to get supplies. the staff were so friendly, my husband forgot his mobile phone charger and one of the staff let us borrow his for the entire week we were there.the staff were helpful, polite and very knowledgable about the surrounding areas.i would certainly stay here again as it is literally 10 mins walk from the Gold Souk and from the dhow river taxis	
	Felt cheated	The Crowne Plaza is a classic 1970's business hotel. It pays lip service to pool (dreadful - and overlooking the main freeway through Dubai), and it needs a major renovation. The service is good - very friendly, but then it's like that all over Dubai. What appalled me was the attempt to squeeze cash out of me. When I checked in, I was offered a breakfast and free wifi deal of AED 300 - around 60. I asked if this was per day or per week, and the receptionist was evasive. I repeated my question and got the same evasion but with a smile. So I said, wow, that's good value for a week. No disagreement. So I signed up. Well, of course, it was PER DAY, which was about 10 more than if I'd simply bought breakfast and wifi separately each day. I kicked up a fuss at check out but they only deducted one of the charges. I was so so furious. Nothing worse than feeling ripped off.I will never stay at this or any other Crowne Plaza again. Nor will I recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 17 2009 	information about Al-Hijaz Heritage motel	Hi.I have spent a long time looking for a cheap place to stay in Dubai on a about 10 night,I heard definition of Al-Hijaz Heritage motel. Only I do not know the cost per night to stay and how to airport How far is Dubai.If someone is in this area to contact me by email.[--]yours sincerely,E.Rad	
	why can't all hotels be Ibis hotels?	After being impressed with the World Trade Centre (Dubai) Ibis, we headed here once we'd got our bearings. I think I'm actually in love with Ibis. This place (and the WTC one) looks straight out of a glossy interiors mag yet costs so little it makes you blush. The staff were absolutely delightful and the (pork-free) breakfast was excellent value too. Wasn't that impressed with dinner but after a 2 minute game of chicken you're at the Mall of the Emirates with Skiing et al. Internet was a bit pricey for those of us without a dongle but I feel ashamed to be complaining really.	
Nov 11 2009 	Value for money in a big-ticket city	Located in the busy Al Riqqa Street with all its restaurants, shops and malls, there is a shiny, new high-tech metro station about 50 metres away from the hotel entrance that is linked directly with the airport (terminal 3) , but beware not all the stations are open yet. Taxis to the Deira Souks, Jumeira public beach and the Burj Dubai should not cost more than 20 dirhams (about 4 euros). Make sure you get a room high up away from the discos on the ground and 1st floors. We were on the seventh floor and heard only a mild beat - no problem. There is a lovely shisha cafe on the roof and an inviting swimming pool. The breakfast buffet was ample with all the Arab specialities, plus some Western titbits like beef bacon, French toast and baked beans. All in all a friendly place that is excellent value for money (Internet rates).	
Sep 22 2009 	Want a Top Class Brand New Hotel? Top Central Location? Great Value Rates? Stay here!	I have been staying at the Excelsior Creek for 2 weeks now and will stay there until end of October until i find somewhere permanent to live. I stayed for 1 month in another local hotel/apartment which was good but the rates sky rocketed after September and they were poor with customer service. I visited 15 hotels in the Bur Dubai area and stumbled upon the Excelsior Creek hotel...thank God! It had not opened at that time they were finishing off but my date requirements fitted in nicely with the official opening.From the start the management and staff have been excellent, they all are so nice and try very hard to make you enjoy your stay...they are there for you. OK its brand new and so some things wont be ready for a few more days (writing at 22nd Sept 09) the roof top pool and bar which is outstanding, the Gym with sauna and steam room, executive lounge and 2 themed nightclubs, these all come online in the next week or so as will their website) but the English Pub 'The Two Guineas' has opened and the bar service is great, you even get some healthy snacks to munch on with your favorite tipple as well as the regular bowl of nuts. The Hotel has great conference facilities too if you are in to that.The hotel itself is 200+ rooms of an excellent 5* standard (i have stayed in top hotels in the World) with Deluxe rooms as standard, Executive rooms, Junior Suites and Executive Suites to die for...if you can afford that little extra its so worth it! The high decor and cleanliness standards continue throughout from the very impressive Grand Reception Hall, the Atrium all day dining restaurant and the classy 'A La Carte' restaurant tastefully designed in a modern/Mediterranean &amp; arabic style...my opinion of course) with lots of marble floors and quality carpeting in the rooms and hallways.The food has been really good, especially the evening buffets with food well priced that you would expect to see in any top restaurant. Breakfast buffet has lots of choice and my tip would be to go for a B&amp;B rate its great value if you like a good filling breakfast rather than hunting around for cafes elsewhere. For lunch a hearty Club Sandwich with French fries and all the trimmings will cost you around 6 pounds...great value for a Hotel of this standard.Its in a great location, just minutes from the new metro station at a key cross over station at Burjuman Centre at the junction of Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road and Khalid Bin Al-Waleed Road (locally known as Bank Street), so all of Dubai is within easy reach very cheaply. If you prefer to take a taxi its easy and you are at Jumierah Beach road in 20 minutes and to the Burj Al Arab will cost around 6 - 7 pounds GBP. The Dubai Creek is a 5 minute walk where you can take a dinner cruise or an cheap Abra ride, as is the busy area of Bur Dubai full of buzzing shops and cafes.My Family stayed here with me for a long weekend and they are coming back to stay for 7 nights in October and they cant wait to come back...they love kids too and make a real fuss of them.So that's my review of the Excelsior Creek Hotel in Bur Dubai. If you want a top class standard hotel in a top location which is great value for money, get it booked. Number to call [-----------] and if you are coming before November ill see you there!	
	The Address is all you need	I'm writing this review from my comfy bed at the Address Downtown Burj Dubai right now. There are three Address Hotels dowtown - The Address Hotel Dubai Mall (newest, adjacent to the mall) , The Address Hotel Burj Dubai (recently built but second oldest Address Hotel, next door to the mall), and The Address Hotel Marina (oldest, near Marina). Be sure you know which hotel you are booking and clearly state the entire hotel name when giving directions to the cab driver.The Address Hotel Downtown Burj Dubai has a professional staff, rain showerhead and nice bath soaps, free wireless internet, free bottled water daily, in-room espresso machine with a variety of espresso flavors in disposable cups, large rooms, dark woods/marble/tile/glass/good lighting, complimentary turn down service with water (no chocolates), and has the greatest number of English TV channels of any other foreign hotel I've visited. Numerous well-heeled guests from all over the East and Western world stroll through with designer purses and pretty frocks under black abayas. The location is great - you can walk to the Dubai mall, Burj Dubai, and Dubai fountains. You can get a cab within seconds to go elsewhere. One perk about the lower floors is balconies, but not all rooms have them, so be sure to ask for a balcony room facing the fountains. There are two sections in the hotel - floors up to 12 use the house elevator and floors above 12 use the main elevator, so I recommend requesting a floor higher than 12 if you use the gym or spa. I stayed on the 10th floor, so to go to the spa and gym, I had to take the house elevator to the 12th floor and then walk up a flight. Otherwise, I had to walk through the lobby in gym clothes (you're underdressed in sneakers at this hotel). The staffed gym is nice - classes; free bottled water; machines have individual TVs with plugs for headsets or you can use their cheap, uncomfortable headsets; and oranges and apples in the lounge area. I received a great deep tissue massage in the spa. The spa relaxation area overlooks the Dubai fountains. There are oranges, tea, and juice in the relaxation area. The changing rooms have steam rooms and rain showerheads, there's a hairdryer but no showercaps or vanity items. The pool area is very nice, with a swim up pool bar that my collegues enjoyed. The pool bar area overlooks the fountains also. The service and amenities are 5 star, but you pay for it. I highly recommend this hotel.	
	Thousand and one night	Wonderfull hotel, kindly and helpful staff. Lots of sunbets and a great pool.Food good and fresh served. We are satisfied about staying at the hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	Good Value for Price	I just came back from Dubai and it was a great experience with Moscow Hotel. The room was as i ordered &quot;Smoking&quot; and it was really designed for that and far away from the Disco. The hotel in general is well managed, no drinking is allowed in the lobby, staff are friendly and helpful, and un-necessary guests are not allowed to enter the hotel (except for the disco and bar) which made the hotel very quiet.	
Nov 26 2009 	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in	Dirty place with a very rude and unprofessional staff. The hall has been transformed into a fried food shop, with a strong smell of kitchen that &quot;welcomes&quot; the customer as soon as he enters. The staff is the most hateful and unkind I've ever met in my life: they demanded payments in advance every two or three days, like most hotels in Dubai, but they did it with such a rudeness and such an arrogance that we finally got so bothered that we preferred to pay and leave the hotel immediately, just in order not to have anything else to do with such people (of course, they didn't even told us &quot;Thanks&quot; or &quot;Bye&quot; when we left). I would like to give an advice to the traveler who is planning to book a room in this place: at about 100 meters from the Ramee, in the same street, there is Le Mridien, a true and beautiful hotel which offers a lot of cleanliness, comfort, courtesy and professionality at about the same price: it's so different and superior that comparing it to the Ramee would be like comparing white to black. I really hope the readers will treasure my experience. Bye bye.	
Nov 22 2009 	Nice Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 5 days and our stay was excellent...People at reception and at travel desk were very helping and nice. Breakfast is good.We just enjoyed our stay at Seashell Inn...	
	very good	we stayed there for 2 nights and it was wonderful..i would defo recommend that to asnyone..the only thing that was bad was it was far from other hotels and attarctions...but good value for money	
Oct 13 2009 	Thank You	We would like to say Thank You to all of the staff who made our 8 night stay at the Residence &amp; Spa at the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage Dubai a most memorable holiday. The care and attention to detail is insurpassable and it has to be said that the team of staff have certainly been trained to the highest of standards. The managment team deserve credit as it is plain to see that their motivation, dedication and courtesy is reflected in all of the staff and it was an absolute pleasure to experience impeccable manners. The Residence as a whole is totally relaxing and had a lovely ambience. The food in the Dining Room is wonderful, well balanced menu's and exceptionally well presented. The chef's deserve a special thank you as every meal was a delight.We will most definately be staying at the Residence on future visits to Dubai.	
	Dooobai	nice hotel, central location, cool, good-looking chicks in the disco and friendly ukrainians in teh coffee shop, shame there was no pool but there was always the sea.	
Nov 20 2009 	5 Star hotel 6 Star service 7 Star staff	Excellent hotel, great service, and outstanding staff. I enjoyed each minute of my stay in the hotel. As mentioned by others, the standard rooms are not big, however very comfortable, the bathrooms are equipped with everything you would need, from toothbrush, hair conditioner, even with shoe polisher. The beds are very comfortable, the rooms are cleaned daily, or as you request.The only concern is the WIFI, which is free in the lobby, but quite expensive in the room. It's my firm believe that since Deira is the business part of Dubai, the Chamber of Commerce is just meters away, the could make even better business with a free WiFi offer for everyone.I ate in both restaurants, great breakfast, mixed arabian and continental food, excellent , lunch buffet and the Iranian restaurant in the evening puts the crone onto the culinary experience. The hotel personal is just 7 star, you can really not beat the service they offered, you are always asked if everything was ok, if they could help in anything, in the restaurants they are more than friendly, they are professionals, led by Raj Kiron, a very professional gentleman. I reccomend to try in the Iranian restaurant they special Iranian ice cream and the Iranian herb tea. They were something very special.My rating is that the hotel services are wrth of each penny you pay, except the Internet service. If I were them I would offer it for free. In this case this hotel would be 100% spotless.	
Nov 14 2009 	Clean and friendly hotel	The hotel room was quite spacious and clean if a little tired with a well-equipped kitchenette with microwave, small hotplate and appliances such as toaster, kettle, etc. Close by was a good supermarket with Waitrose branded products!!! There was also a washing machine although I did not use it. The ensuite was quite acceptable. The staff were friendly and always helpful courteous. It was close to a future metro stop and within a moderate walk to an open station near the Burjuman Shopping Centre. For a budget hotel it was good value for money.	
Jan 21 2009 	A balanced view	After reading the other reviews about this apartment I was a little worried. However, I am staying here for 6 weeks and 4 weeks in I think I can give a balanced view of the hotel apartments and address some of the concerns about the rooms. First, yes agreed you can get better but for the price you pay you will only get similar if not worse. True the rooms are darker than some but not overly dark  we are not talking black walls here. I dont have a problem with the natural light levels in the room. They are tolerable. Facilities are plastic, again true however who really cares about having a plastic kettle. It is not the end of the world. Since being here I have had not one issue with the internet and I have been using it every evening. I have not been downloading films etc just general browsing and email. One small point on the noise  yes there is other building work going on but this is Dubai it is the building capital of the world. If you want to be in a noise free area then unfortunately you are going to need to pay more per night than this place. Again it is not overly noisy and only starts at about 7-8am. Right the good and the bad and the average Good  Staff. The staff is excellent, on my arrival they went to the petrol station and got me a coke and some milk (as it was late). They have responded to my every whim  taxi ordering, replacement items in the room etc. The maid has even been cleaning my plates etc. The location is great right on the main highway through Dubai  the marina 10mins, beach 10min the madinat 10mins (all in taxi of course) and all the other major shopping centres are near by. The apartments  they really are ok  yes not five star but you are not paying five star prices. I spent 3 months looking at apartments for a six week stay and this one was the best value with all factors taken. I looked at some other apartment hotels and they were over 50 a night more expensive. UK plugs in every room other than the kitchen  winner Average  breakfast  you get some pastries, coffee cereal the normal basics. They also do takeaway and you can negotiate breakfast in the price. Lifts  quite slow Dcor  Its a bit basic  no carpet anywhere in the rooms all tiled.  Reasonable selection of TV channels including movies and sports. BAD  I really dont think, for the price I paid and in comparison to other stays I have had in Dubai anything that is really bad with the place. Of course if you are on your Honeymoon, with 4 kids or want total luxury this is not the place for you.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent!	I went to Dubai for a special birthday and we stayed at the Shangri-La Dubai. We stayed in a Club room and the service and room was excellent. You pay for what you get and I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
	Hotel that likes to sell NO	Breakfast was terrible, almost like having it at gasstation. Service was bad, they did not provide any shirt pressing service. Front desk had no manners, they would always start to do something else or talk to anyone else when I was talking to them about anything.	
Oct 13 2009 	Safe friendly and clean	I travelled on a business trip and spent three days in this hotel. The staff were very friendly and the room was clean and functional. It was great to have a kitchen area with fridge freezer and microwave. The breakfast and room service were both good. I also used the swimming pool, which was very clean and had a member of staff on hand so also felt well looked after. As a woman travelling alone I felt very safe while staying in the hotel as it had more of a feeling of an apartment block.	
	Fantastic hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the end of October and had such a great time we booked it for our return stopover for 4 nights mid November.When we arrived on our first stopover we were really tired and just wanted to get to our room and relax as it had taken a little longer to get out the airport then we thought it would. We were offered a drink while they sorted out our room and did what ever they had to with our passports, I dont know if it was just due to the tiredness and the fact we had 2 hyper little children with us that check in seemed to take a while. Anyways once that was sorted out we were shown to our room and the manager gave us his card and said to call him direct if we needed anything which was nice of him. We had booked a Deluxe room but were really suprised when we were shown to our room and seen it....we had been upgraded to a suite which was fantastic, the room was huge, very reaxing, very clean and the bathroom was lovely! We had breakfast included which we had in the restaurant, there was a fantastic selection of hot and cold food...there was everything you could want and more! The coffe was great and my hubby and I are quite fussy when it comes to coffee!We used the pool which is on the roof, its not that big but it does the job when all you want to do is jump the kids round, the staff there were very quick to bring you towles and to clear away after people left. The pool is ment to be temp controlled but it was a little chilly but you got used to it after a while.The hotel is in a good location for eveything, taxis are really easy to get or you can use the ones outside the hotel which we did once and it was about 5dhs more which isnt much really if you just want to get where your going. If you get a taxi back to the hotel say its just before the Capitol hotel otherwise they might not know where it is or like what happend to us be taken to a differnt hotel and have to get firm with the taxi driver that it was not our hotel!!!On our return stopover we stayed for 4 nights and we were lucky again to be upgraded and this time when we got there check in was super fast. We got to our room and it looked lovely again and they had also set up two travel cots for our little boys. A few of the staff remembered us from last time and again were great with the boys, which is always nice when you go anywhere with little kids.This time as we got in at 3am we orded some room service, nothing great just a pizza to take us through until we could feast on the breakfast. The pizza was lovely and the service was very prompt.We really enjoyed our stay here and would recomend this hotel to anyone who was going to Dubai on business or for a stopover. I think if you were staying any longer than a week you would want to be in a more &quot;holiday type hotel&quot;, especially if you had little kids with you.The only thing that I could say about it which wasnt great was I had no where to plug in my straightners next to a mirror....to my hubbys delight as we got out the door 30 mins quicker!!!!!Ohh and the bed was really good, and even better knowing they are new!!	
	Truly superblocation...servicecomfort	This was not our first visit to Dubai and we have stayed in several hotels including the sister Jumeirah Beach hotel which we loved. However the Al Qasr at Madinat Jumeirah has a more traditional Arabic dcor and ambience. From the minute we arrived the staff could not do enough for us and considering the hotel was full because of the half term school holidays we still had prompt attentive service. A welcome drink and face towels were supplied with a smile as we sat on a couch to check in. We arrived early morning after an overnight flight and as our bedroom would not be ready until the afternoon we were shown to a comfy lounge with shower facilities and changing rooms. Once changed we went down to breakfast with an amazing choice of good high quality food on offer. The waitress service was prompt in offering you tea or coffee then you could help yourself to the endless array of fresh fruit, yoghurts, breads, porridge, or any variation of cooked breakfast with the eggs cooked freshly to your choice. By 11.00 I had a message on my mobile phone to say the room was now in fact ready and our luggage would be taken up for us. The bedroom was spacious very comfortable well decorated and spotlessly clean. The bath room was large with separate shower and bath and His and Hers toiletries. A veranda with chairs had a view over the front entrance were all the Rolls Royce, Ferraris, Bentleys and other expensive cars were parked. The hotel has numerous restaurants too many to mention but I would recommend you book a table early in your stay to avoid disappointment as many were full during our stay. There is a nice safe beach adjoining the hotel and the Wild Wadi Water Adventure Park (where hotels guest get free admission) is minuets away by the courtesy golf cart.A great way to see the hotel grounds and to get to some of the restaurants is to use the Abras the small taxi boats that sail around the hotels waterways.All in all this is a fabulous hotel with charming friendly staff and great facilities we cant wait to return on our next visit to Dubai	
Nov 22 2009	Hallmark hotel	Excellent hotel. Has great facilities. recommended!	
May 30 2009 	Appropriate for singles and family interested in night club and disco	This Hotel is located far from downtown but in a good area of Barr dubai and also near to jumarah beach and some to extent near to wild wadi and arab tower.Also this hotel has two night club one arabian and another one from south america which are good but the prices are so high especially for those man interested to have a business lady in their room. It must be mentioned that despite the regulations, it is allowed to bring lady in your room at night, indentification card or vissa is necessary to have.The quality of breakfast is also good but it is not possible to bring that in food by hotel personnel.Totally this hotel is recommended to singles and married people which are interested in night clubs and disco and beach.	
Sep 21 2009 	Enjoyable stay	i went last month along with my two friends, we found this hotel to be very safe, the staff were extreamly friendly, the booking of excusions was very good, we were received at the airport. the location wasnt too bad we had a supermarket down the road and 5mins away from nandos, pizzahut etc the pool was on the small size however still great fun, the breakfast served was good, and the sheisha cafe on the top floor was enjoyable. there was a safe provided in the rooms, was a bit small for 3 beds however still enough room to get around. very good value for money as we got this hotel quite cheap and were very happy with it.	
Aug 2 2009 	Important info	Please note the info on this site is not correct!! The map shows the location of the Chelsea Tower, not the Chelsea Gardens. Chelsea Gardens is located in Discovery Gardens, near Jebel Ali and close to the Ibn Battuta Mall. There is nothing wrong with this location but it is much further out of downtown than indicated here. I should know - I used to live in The Gardens and watched Discovery Gardens being built!!	
Sep 30 2009 	Good Budget Hotel	The Hotel was clean and service was excellent. Hotel located in Bur Dubai and is 2 kms from the Indian Shopping location called Mena Bazaar, which was perfect for my mom and i as we were there to do wedding shopping. The staff are excellent and very helpful. The travel agent in the hotel was very helpful as well. The brekfasts are great, good variety of meals. To get to the new dubai you have to take taxi's which generally try their luck. Hotel is very safe, the area around the hotel looks a bit dodgy but is unbelievably safe. My mom and i would walk back to the hotel at 1am and not a soul with bother us. The area comes alive from 5 pm until about 4 am as its too hot during the day. Good budget hotel.	
Nov 8 2009 	Not be revisited or recommended	We visited Dubai and stayed at two different hotels.Start of our holiday stayed at 4point Sheraton on Sheikh Zahid road. That was with a group of five family members a good stay. Then as my brother and I were left to fly back 2 days later, we changed hotels to Sun and Sand.To start the check in took more than an hour. It was manual; they were calling various people to confirm our booking. We had booked and prepaid for our stay via lastminute. Receptionist was first unable to find any reservation. Then managed this by calling various offices, she was very unhelpful. Then demanded to keep our passports, which I refused.On the hotel would say it has dated decor. The hallways smelled bad, the carpet was old and dirty. The room was spacious however, dated decor, bed cover old and dirty.Due to the smell in the hallway, it was hard to breathe in the room.Service and room hygiene were poor.Location is ok.	
	Beautiful resort but not much to do in town	I stayed one night. The place is nice for a weekend getaway from Dubai, but there isn't much to do in town. The rooms are clean and well equipped. Some of the resort amenities such as the rock pool were unfortunately closed. The negatives are poor in-room lighting and lack of WiFi. There is a broadband Internet connection in the room but the cost is exorbitant. The staff is friendly. There is a small gym.	
Nov 4 2009 	very nice hotell staff	we stayed for four nights and would definately come back. This is our fifth tour to Dubai and the Layia Oaks is the best hotel we have stayed in.The staff was wery proffessional, always willing to help. The only food we had was at the pool bar and it was wery good as well as the shisha pipe.We only look forward to the construction to finish, I guess the area would be wery nice then.We would recomend the Layia Oaks if you are going to Dubai.	
	Wonderful hotel	We came home yesterday from wonderful 3 days at Hilton Dubai Creek - and have nothing to complain about. The reason why we choose this hotel is because of the location. Close to the airport, close to the goldsouk etc. and because it has shuttlebus service to the sisterhotel Hilton Jumeira Beach - so we could enjoy the beach as well.	
Nov 16 2009 	Loved the breakfast 	I went along with my family and stayed there for 3 days. We all loved the hotel and comfort provided in the rooms. We liked the indian restaurant and the breakfast as well. Family enjoyed too much and also enjoyed the halloween night during our stay in double decker bar. My sone liked the hotel too much and enjoyed every bit of it.	
Nov 24 2009 	If you are human just avoid this Hotel - Dolphin Hotel Apartments Dubai.	I stayed at this Hotel in Nov. 2009 and treated like a Dog. They forced all their guest to submit their passport. In fact, I made a police complain for that too. In case, if you are visiting this Hotel, Please Please dont submit your passport. And if you will submit your passport, please be prepared for surprise.Another thing, they might give a drop-off transfer in a Van without Air-conditioned. So be prepared to get lot of surprise in this Hotel.I will strongly recommend that if you are human and paying just close to $100, just avoid this Hotel. There are 10s of Hotel next to this Hotel which provides lot better service at the same price.	
	It is the best hotel I have ever visited	Really, this hotel is number 1 in my list of all hotels I have visited before (and I visited a lot...). You can feel yourself visiting not another hotel in your life, just the paradise. Pool is amazing, staff is very friendly, service is excellent, rooms are large, everything is so calm and sophisticated. I loved the place and the atmosphere! Very well done :)	
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent value for money. Free shuttle buses are a lifesaver.	I paid about 45 a night for a double, which was way cheaper than anywhere else.We were lucky and had a female taxi driver who knew the hotel from the airport. The hotel is right next to Al Khaleej roundabout 15 mins from the Hyatt. The hotel do not advertise it as being opposite it, and the best map of the hotel is on asiarooms.com. The free shuttle buses to the beach and the mall will save you more money on taxis.Ignore other reviews of a lack of taxis in the area. Due to the credit crunch, they are desperate for tourists and will gladly pick you up. The brekkie was fine, abit like dinner though! The hotel is full of Russians but they were fine. Across the hotel is a local restaurant called al jazeera, where i had a curry dinner for 1.35!! Delicious too.My wife didnt like the area as its full of indians/pakistanis who stared at her and sometimes took photos!. But we never really hung out in this area, so it wasnt a huge problem.The best bet is to take the free shuttle bus to Jumeirah beach then take a bus or taxi to your destination, this saved us alot of money. Everyday they take you to a different mall. Do not take the Friday shuttle bus to Ansar Mall in Sharjah though, that place is awful!The staff were friendly and the rooms were kept clean. Definately reccomended for the budget traveller.	
	Not good value for money	I had to move over form the beautiful Novotel I was in because it was booked for an event. The Metropolitan smells like a brothel, and has a Stalinist staff. The rooms are large (huge by today's hotel standards) &amp; they are clean. But I think that it is a 3 star hotel charging 4 star rates. Many times, the rates at the nearby Taj and certainly the beautiful Novotel are lower than this dated hulk. The breakfast is depressing. I believe the internet rate in their bsns centre was $15 per half hour. But if you can find the intnt cafes a few blocks away, the rate is a couple of dollars per hour. They charged $1.50 for a local call of 2 minutes. Dubai is a v. greedy, money-obsessed destination.	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent	Excellent food, very comfortable, friendly staff, I absolutely loved it &amp; would recommend it to anyone going to Dubai.	
	Good for Business stay	I had stayed in Savoy crest for 4 nights as i had come for a Gulf food festival, the rooms are good, big and clean. The staff was also very help full. Its located in a prime location. The breakfast was not that great. If you are staying for more days then it is worth due to its price.	
Nov 24 2009 	Quiet Friendly Welcoming	The Rihab Rotana is a 2 minute taxi ride from the Airport. Although it is a way away from what might be called the &quot;main&quot; parts of Dubai, it is convenient to the new Dubai Metro (Deira City Centre Mall station), which links it to sites such as the Mall of the Emirates (venue for the ski slopes). It is otherwise a fairly short, cheap, taxi ride to any local destination (although this depends on time of day - rush hour is horrendous!).The hotel is modern, with a small Cafe on the ground floor which is open 24 hours/day for food and non-alcoholic drink (the hotel is &quot;dry&quot;, and does not serve alcohol).The rooms are of adequate size, and well equipped. Each has an electric kettle, with tea and coffee provided, together with a hot plate, microwave oven, fridge and washing machine, in addition to cable television. Furnishing includes a couch and armchair, with a coffee table.The staff are efficient, friendly and helpful. Checking in and out is fast and straightforward.Altogether excellent value for money, and I will stay here again when next in Dubai!	
Nov 5 2009 	Only boutique hotel in Dubai	Classy and individual (French/Morrocan style) hotel located in a very pleasant and peaceful residential area of Jumeirah away from of the hustle and bustle of the main hotel chains.Service from airport pick up to departure was very attentive and friendly but not obtrusive. Our room which was shared with our 15 year old son very spacious and well equipped.(Website has all the details)The staff will readily book you taxis restaurants excursions etc or simply give you local information..2 local malls (5 mins walk) provide ATMs,meal options, Spinneys supermarket pharmacy etc and numerous taxi/bus options.Jumeirah Beach Park only one mile away is a perfect beach option for a mere 5 Dirhams.We ate out but the catering would not disappoint and both pools were hardly used.Stayed the last night in a large City hotel but missed La Maison after only a couple of hours !Late October weather was comfortable with all of the hotel having air con.Impossible to fault this little known gem - will be back.	
	One of the best visited hotel of my life.......	Stayed in this hotel in Jan. 2009, amazing hotel, amazing staff and food. We had breakfast every monring in the hotel which was fab, then at lunch time we went to KFC which is only 5 mins walk away from the hotel, then for tea we went to one of the restuarants on the 'WALK'. This hotel is in the best location as you have everything around you, a great private beach (with your own beach butler who gives you free cups of ice), (dont take your own beach towels as you have to use the hotels own), then you are over the road from the best restaurants, shops etc, Make sure you go to TFI fridays which is on the uper tier of the 'WALK', cheap food but big portions. Take a cab from outside the hotel and go to the mall, which is about 10 mins away in the cab, ask the hotel what is the biggest mall.	
Nov 1 2009 	Hardly Imperial!	We stayed in a suite of the hotel. The room was quite clean and so were the bathrooms. The terrible thing about the hotel was the loud music from the bar downstairs - which would go on till early into the morning. Also - the bar appeared to be a pickup point and the crowd did not look great. I would definetely not recommend this hotel for families but if you are a bunch of guys looking out for fun in Dubai and dont want to pay too much for acco - you may wish to consider this hotel. And if you do end up staying here, i recommend that you stay in the upper floors - as the thumps of the music reverberate much less.	
	Friendly staff!	hotel staff made our trip very good and was wonderful.the food and service was excellent.it is right opposte the dubali mall which was very convenient for shopping and dining.As we had an option to come and relax whenever we chose to.good locationNice traditional arabic style courtyard..was nice to chill with a little bit of shisha	
	Heaven	I have been to the One &amp; Only royal Mirage now 7 times and i can honestly say it is the best place for a holiday. On our last trip we had a new refurbed room on the ground floor over looking the pool it was out of this world. You have your own private beach with stunning views. The Staff are great and over the years we have got to know some of them very well. if you are looking for a great summers drink Roshin from the pool bar is your man. Also Stephen who is now the manager in olives is doing a revamp to bring everyone back to life and put the sparkle back into it. I have also Stayed in the JBH and i can honestly say i would never go back. They staff do not listen and they cant even get your drinks order right. It is filled with big brash tourist and not somewhere you can relax.	
	Average Hotel	Average HotelPros: Location,Complementary Breakfast, PriceCons: Cleanliness, Room service	
Sep 7 2009 	Best Location in Dubai	Why you select a place like Dubai to travel is for shopping &amp; enjoy the Desert Safari or Dhow Cruise or both. In the new Dubai you will not get a taxi or cab easily, you have to wait for hours in the roadside but still you may not get it. Because of that I always stay in Astoria to do my shopping with out waiting for taxis and not suffering in the traffic jams. The hotel front desk will do the entire safari booking.I choose Curry House Restaurant to have my meals without any disturbance. Its a good place to stay if you know how to handle your mindset.	
	Nice hotel in Old Dubai	A good hotel but the location is not so nice. Hard to find and nothing to see from the hotel.But inside the hotel the facilities are good. Rare to find German restaurant is also there.The 24 hrs coffee shop is good and unlimited soft drinks etc are provided. Breakfast is good.Size of rooms are quite big. Good when you are going with kids.Don't go to Dubai during July-August, very hot and unbearable.Big shopping malls there to entertain. For short stay during Feb-March its OK.	
Jul 7 2009 	Not 5 star	I have stayed in many 5 star hotels in my short life - I paid a 5 star price but got 4 or 3 star service and cleanlyness. This place has large rooms - but don't think the service ( room service or breakfast that was left for a day or two to mature) is what you are getting. There is only one thing going for this place and that is near the mall - but even then then new mall of Dubai is better and bigger ( hard to belive) than Emirites. Please stay somewhere else listen to me. A big room stay at the Taj. Near the mall stay at Kepinski or Dubai mall-The Adress( not been there).Great beach hotel Jebel Ali , or Jemira Beach I have stayed at them all.Brett	
Jun 8 2009 	Savoy feels like home	Its a great place to live, The rooms are great, the service is good also the amenities make you fell like home.The location is also good to freak around in the evening. Overall a very good experience with the hotel	
Nov 3 2009 	What is wrong with you people	We stayed here en-route home from Oz and we cannot see what people are complaining about (they must usually stay at Buckingham palace!!) Agreed this hotel is a little out of the way (very near to Burg Dubai tower) but they have a shuttle bus and its' free. The hotel is clean and the staff very friendly/helpful. The restaurants are excellent&gt; the downside is very expensive wine @35 a bottle &amp; beer @ 7 pint !! there are indeed a few 'ladies of the night' later on in the Rattlesnake but they won't bother you. I could understand Americans whingeing about the standard of this hotel as they moan all the time but otherwise get a grip!	
	Everything perfect...	The Burj al Arab is FABULOUS. I will never be able to say enough about this place and the people who work there and looked after us. We just loved it and want to return one day. The focus was on service and you get what you pay for. The suite was awesome, the views spectacular over the Arabian Gulf, the butlers and other personnel attended to our every need and made us feel completely at ease. The night time turn down service was a a great experience (for me at least - I don't think my husband noticed, except I know he loves his Burj slippers and flip flops) - I got chocolates one night, foot balm another, a Burj al Arab fan on another and then some la prarie face cream another night. The bathroom was large and beautifully decorated, as was the whole place. The toiletries were all Hermes and I just couldn't leave them when we left, even though they were full size bottles. The room service is great - we had an absolute feast in our room and enjoyed every bit of it. We loved Al Mahara and Al Mantaha - Al Mahara was VERY special with the 'trip' on the sub to get to the restaurant. The food at Al Mahara was divine - I can't stop thinking about the seafood platter I had there. Breakfast was easy going and well-presented - there was a big selection to choose from in the various restaurants. A buggy picked us up and took us to their private beach. It was hot but the attendants brought us iced water and made sure we had an umbrella. The water was so warm. It was an unbelievable experience swimming and floating in the waves in the shelter of the beautiful Burj al Arab. There is a swimming pool upstairs in the hotel (actually two pools I think - mixed and ladies only) and it was such a pleasure to swim there - once again the opulence was out of this world. There is security at the front gate, so (I think) only those who have booked a tour or tea, or are lucky enough to be staying are admitted. There was no awkwardness and no unexpected or unpleasant surprises. It was pure luxury and pampering. Absolute attention to detail. We liked Dubai and our holiday experience there, and staying at the Burj al Arab was pure pleasure for us.	
	Paradise	I can only describe it as PARADISE. Mina ASalam is my favourite Hotel in the world. The honeymoon room was romantic and just so exotic! The Hotel is pure luxury... The rooms, the view, the service, the staff, restaurants, spaar and other facilities are the best I have ever met so far. It was my 4th visit to Dubai, and I will keep on returning mainly because of my experience at the Mina A' Salam. Thank you for such great Hospitality!	
Nov 5 2009 	Beautiful Comfortable and Affordable	Having stayed in a few hotels in Dubai over the years and having lived in dubai for 5 years I feel I'm quite well qualified to comment on accomodation in this amazing city. Coral alkhoory Hotel apartments is the one of the best in the city. However as far as rooms and service goes it's excellent. The rooms and beds are very large clean and well serviced. My room had a huge walk in shower as well as a bath with a second shower over it. Also there were tea / coffee facilities, an in room safety deposit box and a good sized wardrobe. Internet access was included and worked without problem for the whole days I stayed at the apartment. The hotel is located in easy walking distance (10 minutes) of the Mall of the Emirates and is about a 15 minute walk from the Mall of the emirates METRO station. Also within easy reach of the hotel are supermarkets (there's one below the hotel),	
Nov 13 2009 	Great for relaxing stopovers	This is a marvellous hotel for those who want to stop over after a long haul flight for a couple of nights. Clean luxurious relaxing rooms, lovely ambience within the hotel and excellent polite 'old fashioned' service.The staff work very hard and are always pleasant right from the management to the wonderfully polite, mostly Indians, who clean your room.Even the swimming pool toilets are luxurious!In the evening you can relax in the large open foyer listening to the tinkling of a piano.We hardly leave this hotel on our stopovers. We just indulge ourselves in relaxation.It is only a couple of minutes drive from the airport and yet quiet and calm.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Hotel	Great hotel with nice view and good location and it is inside the mall of the Emirates	
Sep 29 2009 	very terrible hotel	a lot of people is a 3 star hotel. not a good service, bad smell in the room. bad location in duabi. a lot of pullman outside the hotel and not super car, this hotel is not what dubai offer	
	Excellent for short stop over in Dubai	We were flying to Cape Town from Birmingham but Emirates decided the transfer times were too tight between the flights and offered us a stopover in Dubai. Originally this was to be for only 7 hours but I negotiated a 24 hours stop over with them. The hotel is literally 5 mins from the airport. A driver collected us and we were taken to the hotel which had a separate Emirates' reception. The booking in procedure was very smooth and we were in our rooms and resting very quickly. The rooms were fine, very much as expected with good facilities although the bathroom was particularly small for a hotel of this grade. We used the buffet restaurant for lunch and it had a very good selection of cuisines from around the world. The service was very attentive. We had our evening meal at the hotel's Italian restaurant and found that a little disappointing. There was a huge range of dining options and I am sure something for everyone.We took the hotel's shuttle bus into the city at 1700 hrs and this was rush hour so it took almost an hour. We wandered around the souks and then caught a taxi back for only 20 DHR - much quicker once the traffic had eased.All in all, a good quality hotel that you would expect from the Meridien group. Perfect for airport connections, a bit far out for the city and the beach.	
Jun 8 2009	Got what I expected	Expected 3 star service/amenties, and I got 3 star service/amenities. The service was good and we had no issues commuicating with the staff. They booked our dinner at the Burj Al Arab and other tours for us without any hassle. A bunch of travellers were in the room next door partying and being loud one night and after a chat with the Hotel Manager things got resolved real fast which was good to see.Breakfast was 3 stars like expected. Free continental breakfast with eggs, beans, toast, crossiants, potatos, sausage, etc. You can order omelettes and they'll cook one up for you right away. Only issue I had with the hotel was that it's not near anything spectacular since it's located in Old Dubai. You can walk to the Gold and Spice souk, but other than that, the rest of the attractions are in new Dubai, so you pay about 20 AED to take a Cab into New Dubai where everything's happening.	
Jul 18 2009 	" Worst Hotel I have ever stayed at"	This Hotel looks nothing like the photo's show, it is Dark, not much natural light enters, staff were not very nice apart from one Lady who helped us with regards to getting boiled water for our baby. Alot of noise from the night club very smoky. Luckly we only had one night otherwise we would 've considered moving to another hotel. The Room was small, bathroom could do with some renovations. Also the Pool is tiny and pretty much usless, looked a bit like a building site around the pool area.	
Nov 6 2009 	Flora Park apartments	This apartment is bigger than my house it so clean and tidy can not recomend this place enough only down side is that it doesn't have a bar but hey there are loads of hotels near by that have got bars so it doesn't really matter.Well worth a try	
Oct 26 2009 	Good hotel - pleasant stay	This is a 3 star hotel and I think it is priced reasonably. Rooms are basic and are clean and comfortable and have plenty of space. I followed the advice from a tripadvisor review and requested a room on 5th floor or above and had no issues with noise.I wanted the staff to recommend places and give advice on where to go, which they couldn't. Logged onto the internet and read some reviews instead so not a huge problem. Just think that these little things add to service.Rooms are cleaned daily and staff were polite. Must be a new pool guy now as he was very friendly. The one day we used the pool he did shut it at 5.30 however. Went to the beach all other days anyway. Restaurant - breakfast had different items daily was perfectly fine. Don't drink the coffee though. We were half board - check this with your agent as they tried to give us breakfast and lunch and we had to get our agent to fix this. Food was fine - staff were pleasant. We were the only people eating dinner - heard that they stopped the dinner buffet due to complaints.Location - bad for most tourist attractions e.g Jumeirah beach side - costs about 10 each way to Jumeirah in a cab. Metro is unfinished so can use to get to a few places only. Close to Gold Souk, Aviation club and a beach park.Bar guy and girl in the bar at the pool are lovely. We got ushered into Patriots (the ground floor entertainment room!) a couple of times by the staff. The first time we stuck our heads in and then quickly left - cheesy girls dancing on stage. The second time we'd had a few drinks in Carter's (Wafi Mall - nice bar) so actually sat down. I found it too embarassing and left a couple of sips into my drink. hahahaAgree with a previous review - the aircon in the rooms is really bad - it basically blasts freezing cold air for 5 min stretches to bring the room temperature down. Meant you had to either turn the aircon to a higher temp ot turn it off and boil, or put a cardi on! Dubai as a whole LOVES aircon - I hated being indoors as it was colder than in England - also meant that I developed a cold after a day due to the constant extremes of temperature. My no. 1 piece of advice - bring plenty of cropped trousers, and conservative dresses and t-shirts. My usual summer wear (knee length / floor length halter neck or strappry dresses / shorts) attracted way too much attention from the men in the area around the hotel. Plus carry a cardigan and wear trousers / jeans if you intend to go to shopping malls. I was told by a friend that you can wear anything you'd normally wear, in Dubai - you pretty much can but it ruins your day if you have groups of men constantly staring at you (probably thinking you are a prostitute).Places to visit:Malls: All the major big ones - Dubai Mall and Emirates Mall the best I think.Drinking - Best find was the Dubai Aviation club - very rare to find outdoor drinking in dubai and this was wonderful. Also you can find Irish Village - an Irish bar here.Try also Carter's (Wafi Mall - has an outside terrace and links to a couple of other bars), Mai Tai on Dubai Marina - near to the free Jumeirah beach.I would recommend this hotel as a cheap option - but would prob try to stay in the more aesthetically pleasing west Dubai (around Jumeirah) if I were to visit again - as far as budget allows anyway ;-)p.s. as per previous reviews - no-one can pronounce the name of the hotel (Ver-Say-Les is the most common but not always recognised proniunciation). No taxi drivers know where the hotel is - say it's near Taj Palace (thanks for that tip!).	
May 13 2009 	If you dont have high standards this hotel is just right for you!	I went on holiday to Dubai in the begin of may 2009, with my partner, son and 10 other family members and friends. I was really looking forward to it as I had heard so much about the place and it was the first time we were taking my 4 year old son on holiday. we arrived at Dubai airport and are pick up which was arranged through the hotel was late, we had to phone the hotel to find out what was happening, they told us that it will be there in 15 minutes, we ended up waiting an hour in total from the time we come through customs. when he finally turned he realised there was not enough room in the minibus as there was 12 people which also meant 12 suitcases and 10 hand luggages, so he had to call for another mini bus, which there should of know already cause of the number of us in the group. We then finally arrived at the hotel and was given our room keys and had to give them are passports which we had to live with them for them to scan them, which I found quite odd. Finally got to our rooms at first glance the room looks OK. the room had a smell like damp, holes in the chairs, the room was not suitable for 2 adults and a child, there was just a king size bed in the room, we requested a bed for my son, the bedroom was small so they could not fit another bed in it which means they would be putting it in the front room, when they did come up with the bed, it turned out to be a cot. my son is 4 years old and not a baby how can you expect me to put him to sleep in a cot. with in also this time we had been up down to reception to complain about 5 times. They finally told us some other rooms well be free in the morning about 12 noon and we will be able to look at them and change room. while this was going on other people in are group were having the same or worst problems, bathroom dirty, fridge rusty, smelly rooms, no hot water, and also after moving rooms three times they still wasn't happy. i was going to wait till the morning to see what else was on offer. But same members of are group was so unhappy about the room they had that they were not prepared to sleep the night there, so they rang up the booking company in England and made a complaint. with in a hour they were taken to view a different hotel 2 minutes away called the Jormand Hotel which was cleaner and nicer then the Richmond hotel. so the next morning we were all transferred to the Jormand hotel [----] My advise if you going to Dubai for holiday to relax go to Jumeirah beach hotel it might be more expensive but in the long run it would be better cause you don't have to pay a lot on taxi fares every day to go to the beach. If you going to Dubai to shop for gold, knock of goods, etc and you like fast food and you just need a base to sleep at night and leave you stuff this is the place for you.	
	You can't do better than this!	This was my second trip to the Jumeirah Beach and a first for my partner. When he saw the price of the room I was booking, he tried to convince me to stay somewhere else, but I insisted. After about an hour at the hotel, he was hooked too. The Jumeirah Beach has everything one can ask for in a resort - beautiful location, great food and drink, amazing facilities (including the pools and beach itself, as well as a great spa), incredibly pleasant staff, etc., etc. If Dubai weren't so fascinating, it would be easy to just stay on the grounds for the whole trip! We were driving and the hotel also has convenient self parking and easy access to other parts of the city. I can recommend the Jumeirah Beach with no reservations.	
	Average hotel	The hotel was slightly older than what I was expecting. The interiors are quite dark, and there isn't a lot of light in the common areas. The staff is extremely welcoming, very helpful and kind. At my arrival I discovered my travel agent caused some problems with my reservation, but the receptionists managed to sort everything out. The room was quite spacious, had a nice decor and was provided of all main facilities. In the bathroom I found the best toilestries ever...such a fantastic fragrance!! Breakfast was ok, and I particularly appreciated the big fruit selection. The hotel restaurant isn't excellent, and I preferred to have meals in other city restaurants. After all, despite its 4 stars, this is not the luxury hotel you might be thinking of when thinking about Dubai. But at the same time, I haven't found any reason be unsatisfied.	
Jun 3 2009 	What a wonderful experience	I and my wife booked into the Rolla Residence as a part of the Emirates Stopover Package through Arabian Ventures for our honeymoon. We had a good time! They have nice swimming pool on the roof and their gym too was current. From the moment we arrived the hotel staff were vey helpful.....The rooms were neat, clean, big and self sufficient. I mean complete hotel appartment. The breakfast is average. But, internet broadband is very expensive.	
	Value for money	The hotel has very good location  10 minutes walking distance to Dubai Museum and the creek, easy to find taxi. The rooms are clean, the bathroom is almost clean. The hotel is now a new built but the staff takes care to keep it up. The breakfast is OK if you do not expect too much. The restaurant for lunch is not recommended. They keep your passports till your check out. Coffee and tea can be made in the rooms. Welcome bottle of water. The free internet cost 1 dirham per 10 minutes.	
	Excellent Hotel - Nice Soft Launch Bargain	We stayed at this Media One Hotel for only one night before heading to Atlantis the Palm for the next night. We arrived at the hotel at 6am in the morning and were greeted by very friendly staff at the reception. They arranged a room for us w/o additional charge. The room was relatively small, but very cozy and clean! It has an open bathroom with a beautiful bath tube. Only 10 minutes by cab to the Mall of Emirates (supposed to be the nearest Metro station)! One thing I have to highlight was that, the hotel sent us a surprise birthday cake at 9am on my birthday! It was really a surprise. I didnt get similar thing (which was expected) during my stay at the Atlantis the Palm on my birthday night, haha! Breakfast at the restaurant needs improvement  apparently they are too new! But on a whole, very nice hotel and very nice services, Highly Recommended!	
	the new standards of luxury - shame on the burj al arab	I am an hotel owner (with good ranking on tripadvisor) and a good traveller.I must say that never in my life I have found such a combination of style, luxury and service. The staff is simply amazing, Anuj at the Sloanes restaurant or the bar manager at the 44 floor club just to mention a couple of people but everyone is simply extraordinary, working hard, efficient and always with a smile even in difficult busy times. Try to ask for directions for example, they will not give them to you...they will walk you there whatever they are doing !The best breakfast, rich and elegant. The bar at 44th floor is a lively elegant place with cheap drinks (about 50 dirhams for a Martini with an astonishing view). My room is the best room I have ever had. The indego restaurant is elegant and charming....Just a note to make a comparison. To visit the world famours Burj Al Arab I went there for a drink on the Sky bar. The only thing worth was the view. The lobby is tacky, without any sense of style and elegance, nothing to note at the bar in term of service not a nice glass or knife.... cheap stuff everywhere with some gold here and there...I think it is just a a marketing miracle. Same think for the Jumeirah beach hotel we went to visit. Cheap and without any sense of style. Thank God we were staying in Grosvenor and not in the Burj....for a fraction of the price.... Another note...try to go to the amazing Buddah bar of the Grosvenor and compare it to the Burj Al Arab...Budda bar definite winner. Congratulations to the marketers of the Burj Al Arab and to the wonderful people that makes the Grosvenor house a truly amazing place !	
Nov 17 2009 	Noisy Nightclub in Basement of Hotel	This hotel is fine as long as you don't expect to sleep during your stay. Can't understand why none of the other reviews (nor the hotel website!) mentioned the fact that a nightclub is located in the basement of this hotel. Loud base music is played until 3am and the whole hotel shakes and vibrates to it. We were on the 2nd floor and it felt like our pillows were vibrating. We eventually rang down to reception at 2am to find out what was going on, the concierge sounded like he'd heard it all before and offered to move us to another room the next day - but we were only staying one night! We got about 4 hours sleep. AVOID AVOID AVOID. There are many other hotels in the same area, and the same price range, that do not have nightclubs in the basement!!	
Jul 3 2008 	OK Hotel as long as you avoid the food	Stayed here for 2 nights on a stopover in June 08. Room was a standard double and had just been renovated - the whole 7th floor has just been redone - they had done a good job.Agree with a previous reviewer that the shozers are freezing, i complained and must have got a different staff member as i was told that &quot;we always turn off the hot water because tourists like it cold when in Dubai&quot;... He showed us the lever to turn the hot water back on and that was that.Location is OK, the pool is tiny but...3 restaurants in he hotel all themed &quot;American&quot;, translation pizza, steak, burger: Was too tired to do anything else on the first night so ate there and spent the next two weeks of my holiday suffering from food poisoning.	
	Revolting disgunting and unpleasant	I stayed here for 3 nights and have to say it was probably one of the worst hotels I have stayed in and I have travelled around China! I paid for an executive suite and when I arrived was shown to a shabby and smelly room which when I questioned was told that all the rooms were executive suites - after complaining I was eventually moved to a cleaner and smarter room. The breakfast was awful and quite frankly although some people might think that 60 pounds a night is reasonable - I beg to differ. There must be cleaner places to stay - take my advice and find somewhere else!	
Nov 1 2009 	Well positioned : the Creek and Souks are close by	This hotel has received mixed reviews so we arrived with some trepidation. None was realised. The location of the hotel couldn't be better and the staff were most helpful. We had a spacious suite on the first floor where the whole appeared to have been recently refurbished. For us the disco was not an issue but could understand rooms higher in the hotel being adversely affected. The breakfast was adequate, hot and cold, but one was offered freshly cooked eggs. Restuarant decor is tired an needs attention.	
Mar 25 2009 	Just perfect	We were fortunate to have been upgraded to the villas from a 2 bedroom suite at the hotel and it was just wonderful.I cannot fault the hotel in anyway and the staff were just delightful in every way. My partner and i travelled with our 2 youngest children whilst we spoke business they were catered for in ever way imaginable by both sinbads kids club and the private butler who goes with the villa.We had one disspointing meal in the beachcomber restraunt on the first night which was more to do with value for money rather than quality or taste, however we had 9 perfect meals after that!It was certainly a tearful departure when we left and we cannot wait to return	
Nov 14 2009 	Bad experience	A cold welcome at reception desk (at 6AM) where my passport was retained (why not a copy instead) ? A standard room with poor maintenance, but quiet place at early morning, and good rest anyway.Breakfast was another story. not enough seats for the guests, so that after I proceed to the small buffet, I found my seat occupied by a couple, and I had to walk around during 5 minutes with a plate in hand before I get a seat ! No coffee available (only hot yellowish water which may be tea). Not enough cutlery, not enough food ! Staff obviously tired by this out-of-control operation. I could manage to drink some &quot;tea&quot;, cottage cheese, and one slice of bread with marmalade, no more.When asking if, as an extra service, it was possible to make a print of my boarding pass, the reply at the reception desk was a blunt &quot;no printer&quot;.During this time, the duty manager, to show his concern, was reading newspapers in his office.One good point (the oly one) : the concierge who was helpful when storing my baggage into the storeroom, and later when calling a taxi for me to go to airport...	
Nov 22 2009 	everything is ok except	I was in Hyatt regency galleria on 14 November and everything is ok except:1-Slow dialup connection with expensive rate2-bad location with traffic jam	
Feb 28 2009 	No service no 4 stars hotel at all	Three weeks ago I asked for availability of one room at AL JAWHARA GARDENS, they told me it was fine, 3 nights there in executive room. What happened? when I arrived in Dubai at 1am in the night the shuttle brought me to AL JAWHARA METRO (avoid it!!!). I told them there was a mistake but they replied there were no rooms available at Al Jawhara Gardens, and that my reservation was made in Al Jawhara Metro. Result? Air conditioning was so loud I thought I still was in the plane on my flight, dirty and dusty rooms and bathrooms; in the morning I asked for a taxi but nobody cared and waited for 1 hour. Avoid it absolutely, you may run the same risk as me.	
Mar 19 2009 	I m have really good experince	I stayed in Ramee Guestline Apartment 2 in Feb 2009 and was realy satified in such low rate the service is really good and the rooms were very clean the good thing is that one bed room apartment is more then sufficient for single person things were clean and in good shape	
Sep 11 2009 	A wonderful stay	It was a really good hotel.The rooms were spacious and well serviced and immaculately clean.The buffet meals were really good offering a variety of dishes including indian food and sea food.The only problem was that when we wanted to check out,they charged us for a chocolate saying that we had used the chocolate in the mini bar!!! The truth was that there was no chocolate in the mini bar when we had checked in.Anyway,this was the trick of the hotel and other passengers had faced the same problem.So just keep in mind to check all the items in the mini bar as soon as you arrive otherwise you have to pay for missing stuff.The hotel's location was quite good.It was close to the airport.We had no problem finding taxis.The swimming pool was also on the roof top and was worth using.There was also a gym that we didn't use.	
Jan 22 2009 	Awesome for exchange students 	I stayed in one of the marriott apartments during a semester abroad. It was amazing. We were 4 girls and had 2 double-bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 guest bathroom, a huuuge dining and living room with an open kitchen and our own balcony with a panoramic view over the dubai creek. The staff was really friendly and always smiling, the rooms always clean. Absolutely loved my bed - wanted to take it home with me ;) The pool area, sauna, steam bath and jacuzzi were good for relaxation, in an area of dubai thats not really famous for its holiday-tourism. Cabs were available at almost all times though and since it is really cheap to get around by taxi, it was affordable to get to the clubs, the beach or the mall.A few negative things though: the costs for internet access in the apartment were ridiculously high, right in front of the hotel they where building a new building (sometimes even at night time) and one day the cleaning lady threw out all our left-over food that was waiting for us on the stove.None the less, it felt like &quot;home&quot; after only a couple of days.Perfect for students that spend a semester at the university of dubai (the UD is right across the street) and business people.	
	Excellent	I arrived at Dubai airport approx 0330hrs local time, not sure where to go but decided to try my luck to get early check in surprisingly they manage to give me the room. The staff there are very friendly and helpful. We really enjoy our stay there. Room is very clean and tidy.	
Jul 13 2009 	great value and perfect location	10 mins away from airport and right on the creek and 15 mins away from the most famous hotel burj al arab	
Nov 15 2009 	A fautless gorgeous honey moon experience	This 7 star resort is breath taking and you will be paying for it every step of the wayThis is a mesmerising hotel with your own private suite with infinity pool. We loved it and used the faciliites to the max - horse riding, sand dune driving, sunset camel rides, private meals.It costs a bomb and if you can afford it and want the luxury and solitute its all there.	
Nov 2 2009 	Unbearable disco noise until 3.3am every night	I am writing here about the Great dissatisfaction and appalling experience that my family and I encountered during our stay at this hotel on the 18th and 19th of October.My 9 yr old sister and my mother with ill health had to endure the suffering from the events at this ridiculous hotel.On the first night we stayed in room numbers: 115, 116 and 117 - 6 family members in total. This is one floor above what is called the Mezanine floor. Apparently its a night club and the loud music goes on until 3am every night. Little did we know we were going to spend the night in a night club.The loud music initially I assumed was from neighbouring room as you could feel the vibration too.When I rang reception at 2.30am, they didnt admit that there is a disco venue directly below us. They said they will send someone to take care of the problem. However, at 3.25am I rang again. This time the security personnel that attended my query informed me that there is a dance event one floor below.I went to the Shift manager the following morning and demanded an explanation. He was apologetic and offered me a room on the top floor. I asked if he could put it in writing about the noise we suffered so that I could provide lastminute.com with this. He was reluctant but took us to the General Managers room. The General Manager  Mr Praveen Nanda was instantly defensive and kept repeating that we paid for a Standard Room and that the noise is expected in standard rooms and that he will move us to the top floor.I explained that whether standard room or not, lodgers ought to be able to sleep at night. Not have to stay awake till 3.30am. But he was very aggressive and rude. He raised his voice and said that we can leave the hotel now and he will give us a letter to show lastminute.com that we only stayed one night. But he wont provide us with a letter regarding the noise we had to tolerate.For your information, if you look at the booking printout, it says we booked a superior room.How distressing and inconsiderate. Now, are we to spend the day looking for another hotel and also pay out of pocket since we had prepaid this hotel?I was appalled at his behaviour. This sort of behaviour and experience is not expected from a 4 Star Hotel. He didnt provide us with a letter to say we experienced noise. Instead, gave us his business card as proof that we have had a discussion with him. He said the Agents are aware of what they sell so we should have been informed while booking the rooms.Eventually when we were moved to another floor, it wasnt the top floor. It was one floor above the one we stayed at. The bell boy carrying the bags asked why we were moving. I explained the ridiculous noise. He said this occurs every night. He was very correct. That night again we suffered noise till 3am but it wasnt as loud as the previous night.	
	Dubai first timers	FANTASTIC hotel good location BUT NOT near the beaches great shopping and food outlets and Restaurants very close by in the FC mall, I was travelling with my wife to Dubai and we booked the Intercon FC using my priority club points as a Royal Ambassador member we was upgraded to a king Deluxe Suite room 1923 for the fist 2 nights. We then moved hotel to be near the Beaches for 5 nights and then moved back to the IFC for the last 2 nights of our holiday, this time we got a two bedroom deluxe suite 3013 on the 30th floor both times with Club lounge access. The staff could not do enough for you they was fantastic and very friendly to you, We are looking at going back next year and staying with the Intercon FC.	
Apr 27 2009 	Would recommend as a decent base in the city	We only stayed here for one night before flying back to the UK, but it was very different to the BnB we had stayed at before. Its in a much busier part of the city which is very nice, especially at night when it cools down, Al Muteena St is very vibrant with cafes opening up and was very safe to walk about wherever we wanted. A good location for the older part of the city, which is very busy.We stayed in studio apartments which although having all the modcons for self catering, needed us to call down for things like towels, crockery and cutlery. Super rooms though. They also wanted to hang on to our passports but we retrieved them without hassle. The rootop pool is just brilliant for relaxing and enjoying the city from above. The gym is non-existent. All 4 pieces of equipment are broken and a bit dusty, so dont even bother. The staff were very friendly and organised us a complimentary transfer to the airport early on the day of our departure, so all in all a great location for Dubai.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great	I stayed at the hotel for two nights. The hotel staff were very kind, caring, and great. The Receptionists were also so polite and caring; specially the charismatic woman named Beharayee in charge of the reception was so nice, kind, and positive, who radiates positive rays of energy and has a pleasant smile on her face. The hotel dicipline was great and the hotel provided taxi for me to the embassy for free. There were also lots of taxis availabe during the day just outside the hotel. The area is very neat and nice and there is a supermarket close to the hotel. The room was really nice, clean, and big. National Bank of Abu Dhabi was quite near to the hotel, where I had to pay the interview fee.There is one computer at the lobby with the internet access: you have to buy a 12 Derhams high speed internet card for 30 minutes. The restaurants are located on first floor, and the service and the kind of foods served were very good, in a low light pleasane atmosphere. There are 3 elevators and you will never have to wait much to catch one. The hotel owner is an Indian. Both the Indian and Chinese staff are very polite and nice. I needed a wake up call early and I got it on time, while sometime ago, in another hotel, they gave me the wake up call with 30 mintues delay. The room view to the street was very nice. The hotel had easy access to most of the places I had to go.	
	Value for Money	I stayed twice in the month of November, what attracted me initially was the location. It is in the city center and most of the good shopping malls are nearby. It is within walking distance from the Dubai metro, which connects most of the Malls. rooms are clean and good size. Normally prices between AED 400 - 600, it is truly value for money.Tips: check internet for best prices.	
Aug 9 2008 	They try hard to please	In between moving from our villa and leaving Dubai permanently we stayed at the Grand Palace Hotel Apartments for nine days. The property's title is a misnomer, it is neither grand nor palatial. It is however well located for much of central Dubai, clean and reasonable value in today's Dubai. One aspect that did rankle was the charges levied on local telephone calls which are free in Dubai. For example, getting charged to phone to order food from the nearby excellent restaurant ( housed in the front of the building but not part of the hotel) is not right. The 24 hour supermarket also housed in the front of the building (but not part of the hotel) is well stocked, the staff are helpful and courteous adds to the convenience of ones stay. Car parking is not a problem with seemingly plenty of space in the basement car parks, better than paying to park in the street and keeps the car cooler by being out of the sun. Breakfast is complementary and served in the sister concern, Al Shams Plaza, a few metres along the road, we cannot comment on its quality as we never partook. There is also a swimming pool and gymnasium on the roof but we cannot comment on this either as we didn't go there. The studio we stayed in is basic but equipped with most of the essentials including cooker, micro wave oven, kettle, toaster, fridge freezer and iron. The staff are very helpful and respond instantly to any call advising them of problems with equipment. The electricity in our room went off a couple of times one evening, we called and the man on duty sent an electrician who thought he had resolved the problem with a fix to the fridge freezer, this proved not to be the case and the fridge freezer was promptly changed, all food and drink swapped from the old unit to the new by the men who delivered it. They were equally attentive to any other requests or problems that arose (although in fairness there were not many) Good service. One downside was screaming children in the hall at all hours, not sure what the management can do about this.	
Nov 19 2009 	Riviera Hotel	Good, clean room. Comfortable. Friendly staff. Good rates for amenities.	
Nov 5 2009 	SOME BREAKFAST!	Although a continental breakfast was included in the tariff, when we entered the &quot;restaurant&quot; we were surprised to see an extremely basic selection of cereals (boxes), bread and condiments, apples and a hot water urn with coffee/tea sachets. Having just spent a month in Europe we were stunned at the difference in the quality, variety and quantity of the spread compared with the extensive and luxurious breakfast offered in hotels there. To top it off, while we were eating the cereal a staff member entered the room and informed us that the so called continental breakfast only covered bread/jam etc and instant coffee. It did not include cereals or fruit and that as we had already opened the cereal boxes we were told we had to pay for the cereal and apple (which we returned). These &quot;extras&quot; involved approx AUD $10 each.The reception people were helpful including upgrading us to a nice large clean apartment and we would recommend it if you want to organise your own breakfast which can be prepared in the apartment kitchen. There is a supermarket nearby with a reasonable range of foodstuffs.	
	Looking for a centrally located hotel - this is the one	Centrally located in Deira Dubai. 5 minutes walk to Metro train station. Comfortable rooms with all amenities including minibar. Good service. Great buffet breakfast. Lot of options to suit Indian taste buds. Speciality Indian restaurant also serves great stuff - must try Mutton Seekh Kababs. Rooftop swimming pool with health club.	
Nov 17 2009 	Lovely hotel - fab room!	Dubai is defiantly not somewhere I would choose for a holiday. However, faced with a couple of days in the sun whilst my husband attended to some business, we took the opportunity to check out the Desert Palm Resort.And it rocks, it's Dubai's one (IMHO) redeeming feature. A truly lovely, very grown-up and well-run hotel with fabulous, huge rooms and spot on- service. The General Manager runs a tight ship, and manages to make you feel like a highly valued guest without being at all intrusive or obsequious. He and his deputy could not do enough to accommodate me and my husband's demanding riding/polo requirements. The food is great too, it can be a little slow - but who is in a rush. Staff are delightful and the spa, although expensive is first rate. One thing I did find slightly misleading and that is that the website describes it as an oasis in the desert - its not. The Desert Palm is located on the main (and at times very busy and noisy) main road to Oman, Dubai's hideous pollution-drenched skyline rises above the calm of the Polo Fields, and if you step outside the resort and turn right you'll find an Oasis of pylons and oil refineries. So don't go anywhere - just stay put and watch the polo.	
Sep 6 2009 	good hotel  excellent value for money	We booked three nights in may and got excellent rates , our stay was great.Its a new hotel, modern design, located on the Deira side of Dubai creek, near Maktoum Bridge and Floating Bridge, so you need the taxi to go into the most interesting area (Just outside the hotel there are private cars, no public taxi, so you spend a little extra.)Our (standard) room was great, spacious, quite, with a king size bed very comfortable, large bathroom with Jacuzzi. We liked the room very much.Breakfast was good and well presented.We also liked pool area, located on the second floor: a Jacuzzi pool in the shade under a gazebo and a large main pool, comfortable sunbeds and umbrellas around ; we spent a very relaxing moments!	
	I would recommend this hotel as it offers good value for money with very friendly and helpful staff.	It was our first time to Dubai and we were uncertain where to stay as it is very spread out. After hours of research on the internet, we decided on the Jumeira Rotana. The hotel is in a very good location, the city taxis are cheap enough so you can get to all the places of interest quite easily. The Boston Bar was good fun, plenty of sport if you like that, but they also do a quiz there and have a DJ who will play any tunes you ask for. The price of food and drinks there are on a par with other hotels and the quality is good. The Boston Bar have a brunch on a Friday and that is always good value for money. The service in the hotel is very good, the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious (we had a standard room and it was a good size for a weeks stay) and very clean. The hotel supply complimentary tea and coffee in your room and a small bottle of water every day. Mini bar is expensive, but there is a small supermarket around the back of the hotel where you can buy soft drinks and nibbles at reasonable prices. Our stay was room only and the hotel wanted 75 dirhams per person for breakfast so we found a couple of cafe's behind the hotel where we could get something cheaper. The Pilipino cafe has an american breakfast (you have to ask for it) at a reasonable price. There are many other cafe's so there is a bit of choice. The pool area wasn't brilliant, although the hotel do bring round fresh fruit kebabs (free of charge) which was lovely. The pool is clean but the sun bed cusions are a little grubby, but you get clean towels supplied so you can cover the cusions up. Overall we were very happy with our choice of hotel, we would recommend it and would stay there again. Dubai is a very expensive holiday destination and this hotel offers great value for money.	
Nov 12 2009 	fantastic loved it!	This is one of the best places i have stayed. staff are great and always eager to help the apartments are fantastic with every thing you could want in them. house keeping service rooms daily we cooked they came and washed uo afterwards, we had a one bed apartment with large living room with sofa bed for the kidz dining area kitchen bedroom ensuite and guest wc and balcony. theres a lovely pool with terrace to relax in the evenings. a shopping mall opposite with a 24 hour supermarket. water bottles are left daily with news paper. jumeira beach is 20 mins away but theres a mamzar beach park closer and its great i would stay here every time i visit dubai it really is a home away from home!	
Nov 9 2009 	British pub/bar in Dubai	Golden Tulip has a bar called the Locker Room on the First Floor, all sorts of beers and Strongbow on draft, very much a sports bar, well run and the bar food is very good and reasonably priced. If in Al Barsha, thgis will probably be your local.	
May 2 2009 	Very good value.	this hotel is very good for the money. The rooms are exceptionally large with good toiletries in the bathroom. Hotel room was spotless, staff were exceptionally helpful and polite.The French restaurant looked good although unfortunately I did not have time to try it out, but highly spoken about. I would not hesitate to stay here again. Five minutes in a taxi to City Centre Shopping Mall or the old area of Deira with gold/spice souks.I also like the Al Khaleej Hotel in Deira (same chain) which is within walking distance to the souks. The people who own this chain of hotels really seem to care about their guests.	
Nov 25 2009 	Very good	Very good stay and as expected like any other good holiday inn express. The breakfast is complimentary and the fitness centre is open 24hrs. The only downside was the internet access, they charge you a flat 20aed for 1hour, so if you want to check your email it's still 20aed for a few minutes. Everyone nowadays need internet access when on the go, I think holday inn need to re-think their policy on internet usage.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great place to stay	A comfortable a clean hotel with friendly and amenable staff. The hotel is close to shops, the airport and the new Metro and salso within 15 minutes taxi ride to all major attractions. I couldn't fault the Flora Grand for comfort or value for money.	
Nov 19 2009 	Dubai Festival City 5 Day Break	My wife and I traveled with another couple who stayed at the Inter Continental Hotel next door. As we shared the pool facilities it worked out fine. The Crowne Plaza is a smaller hotel and cheaper than it's larger neighbor but never the less it was still 1st rate.Particularly enjoyed the Belgium Beer bar located in our hotel, beer and food was great.It was our second time to Dubai and we preferred this to the Grand Hyatt where we stayed previously as we could walk to the restaurants located around the marina and shopping mall next door.Our room was a creek view, spotless and very comfortable bed. Staff we very helpfull and courteous. We would stay here again as we're not bothered about the beach and quite like being nearer to downtown Dubai.	
